[music]
The driver for a lot of these equity
values are still out there. You need to
build a diversified portfolio across the
entire ecosystem.
>> You've got a lot of great factors
[music] that are propping up
international stocks for the coming
year.
>> Investors need to be ready for surprises
and the unexpected.
>> There will be lots of supports out there
for earnings and therefore for markets,
but it'll be a volatile year. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance with [music]
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
Anmarie Hordern.
[music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Surveillance.
I'm Anie Hordern alongside Matt Miller
today. Jonathan is still on maternity
leave and Lisa is [music] off for the
week. And just in time for Christmas, I
guess better late than never. We will
get third quarter [music] GB GDP this
morning at 8:30 Eastern. Will it be too
stale to offer a clear read on the
economy? Plus, we'll get a read on the
consumer later this [music] morning.
This comes as Bank of America's CEO
Brian Moyahan tells us the consumer is
in quote pretty good shape into [music]
2026. So Matt, we're finally getting
some data. It's very delayed. It's
before the government shutdown, but it
will be the last pieces of [music] data
that traders get before they go home for
their Christmas.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And and on a positive
note, right? I mean, the markets uh
going higher. The last inflation reading
we got was much lower. Um and it looks
like [music] we could get uh good growth
numbers as well. So, this all bodess
well for 2026 and the Santa Claus rally.
>> We also have a big corporate story to
hit this morning and that has to come
with what's going on in Europe with Nova
Nordis. [music]
They are getting a seal of approval from
the FDA to [music] have a pill form for
we go.
>> Yeah, I mean this is a huge um [music]
uh win for Novon Nordisk. does look like
Lily is going to get in just a few
months after this approval for its pill
form. But um the consumer definitely uh
on the margin wants the pill over the
jab. Um I will say that the [music] shot
doesn't really hurt very much. So it's
>> difference. Do you know this from
personal experience?
>> 3 months now and 30 lbs down. So yes,
>> really?
>> Yeah.
>> I did not know that. So do [music] you
think you would cuz this becomes
available to the market in January. Do
you think you'll now switch? I uh I I
could imagine switching. Maybe it's
easier on the go. You don't have to keep
it refrigerated. And also, I've already
hit my target weight. So,
>> congratulations, Matt. Going into 2026,
hitting his target weight. All right,
let's take a look at where stocks are
trading this [music] morning. As Matt
said, there's optimism right now as we
head into the end of the year. S&P 500
futures are muted, but we have had a
3-day rally. US 10ear yields are coming
down 4.1%. Something to note, especially
since Lisa's [music] not here. I guess
I'll have to keep you a breast of what's
happening with the debt auctions today.
A $70 billion 5-year note auction is
scheduled [music]
later in the day. There's been a lot of
movement in the currency space when it
comes to what is going on with [music]
the dollar yen trade. Key focus yen
rising for a second day. But this of
course is after the finance minister
told Bloomberg in an interview that
Japan has a quote free hand to take bold
action against FX [music] moves and then
gold. Matt, once again, 50th record high
we are seeing in gold this year alone.
And just crossing the Bloomberg terminal
moments ago, copper also hitting a fresh
record above 12,000 a ton in London.
[music] The commodity space is on a
tear.
>> Yeah, silver as well, don't forget. I
mean, the gold story has been insane
this year, up more than 50%, [music]
but silver is up more than 120%. So
these commodities have seen a huge run
on a dollar that's only down 10 max 12%.
So it's not a currency debasement story.
>> A lot of it is a supply story [music]
and also some of these especially copper
is potentially traders front running
[music] maybe more tariffs coming from
this administration. Coming up the
program, Tim Urbanowitz of Inn innovator
Capital Management [music] as stocks
look to continue their year-end rally.
Bob McN of Rapidon Energy and Advisers
as the US ramps up threats against
Venezuela and Chenzho of Red Fin on why
mortgage rates could fall in 2026. We
begin this hour with stock steady as
traders await the year's final round of
economic data. Tim Urbanowitz of
Innovator Capital Management eyeing the
S&P 500 to finish next year at 7600,
writing, "XMAX7 will carry the load as
2026 is a unicorn year for investors.
Consumers will be double dipping on tax
cuts. Fed cuts will be a broad tailwind
for the 493. Tim joins us now. Tim,
thank you so much for joining Matt and I
bright and early this Tuesday morning
before Christmas. Let's build on what
you said in terms of unicorn year. What
makes 2026 such a unicorn year?
>> Well, Amory, I think there there's a
couple things. The first is really with
the consumer. And if you look at the big
beautiful bill, everything coming from
that, all the tax breaks that were
investors were excited about to carry
this market forward, you're really
getting you're double dipping on those.
You're getting the retroactive benefits
from 2025, which will start showing up
February through April. And then you're
also getting the benefit of reduced
withholding. So, we think that really
helps put consumers back in the driver's
seat to help drive this this market
forward and really provide a tailwind
for a lot of those X-Mag 7 stocks uh
down the list. So, not to say the mag 7
can't continue to run, but we think this
rally really broadens out the consumer
piece helps. But also, we have the Fed
cutting and you know, we really think
that benefits, you know, the 493.
>> Tim, when it comes to the consumer,
aren't they spending that tax refund
right now in the holiday season because
they know they're going to get it in the
first part of next year?
>> Well, I think there's there's there's
definitely some dry powder coming for
for next year. And if you look at
consumer confidence, consumer confidence
has has has been very poor. uh it's been
in the dumps for quite some time. The
December print was okay, but um you know
I I think consumers have still been been
holding back. So we think this tailwind
starts to come next year. And what's
been interesting if you look at uh
really the the consumer sectors um you
know staples discretionary they really
haven't participated all that much in
the rally this year. They've lagged the
S&P 500 in a pretty big way. Um, so we
think this can help provide a tailwind
to some of those consumer stocks, uh,
and specifically the ones that are not
just, you know, providing the good value
like we've seen that have been the
winners this year.
>> But that's only for a short time, right,
Tim? I mean, we get, uh, tax refunds, we
have less withholding next year, but
after that, our expectations are reset
um, going forward, and there's not a lot
more room for tax cuts with this kind of
spending.
>> No, you're absolutely right, Matt. And
uh you know, I think it's it's really
important. We want to make sure we we're
managing risk well next year. And uh we
we I was down in uh Oklahoma just last
week talking to a lot of our adviserss
and there's a lot of nerves out there.
And there the nerves are specifically
centered around the AI trade, concerns
about heading into an AI bubble. And
because of that, yeah, you you you have
the situation where I think any little
bit of bad news or anything that goes
against the narrative of, you know, AI
spending, are these companies
overspending, is going to have the
ability to create pretty big bursts of
volatility in the market next year. Uh
it's something we expect. Um we continue
to believe that AI trade is something
you want to lean into. So when we do see
those those bursts of volatility, we
think you want to lean in and view those
as as a buying opportunity. you've had a
real jump in the Russell 2000 since
April and I know you're betting that
this small cap resurgence continues. Um,
is AI not a threat to a lot of these
companies? Because I think of the, you
know, for example, smaller software
companies whose lunch seems like
[snorts] it's going to get eaten.
>> Well, Matt, I think, you know, at
broadly at the index level, I think it's
going to benefit these advancements AI
are going to benefit a lot of these
these smaller cap companies. But look,
if you step back, you know, everybody's
been talking about the relative value in
small caps versus large caps over the
last 5 years. The reason that trade
hasn't worked is because we haven't seen
earnings. Uh S&P 5 earnings have been
going crazy. Small cap earnings on the
600 haven't been doing anything. We're
finally starting to see that narrative
change, Matt, where you're starting to
see earnings expectations for the next
year really kick up. Pair on top of that
the Fed cuts where most small cap debt
is floating rate. We think that really
helps provide a catalyst to continue
this run uh this run moving forward.
>> Tim, you're talking a lot about the Fed
cuts next year. How many are you pricing
in?
>> Well, it's it's difficult to say right
now. I think, you know, we'd go along
with market pricing right now. The
expectation of four. I think one thing
is very clear, Amber.
>> Hold on. The market right now is pricing
in two maybe.
>> Oh, two. I'm sorry. Two. Two.
>> Okay. Just making sure. I was like, wow.
Four. This this is going to be market's
going well. Who knows? We I think one
thing is very clear, we're going to have
a new Fed chair that is going to be more
doubbish than than Chair Pal. So, that's
something we want to pay attention to.
One of our uh key risks that we're
watching for next year is is a Fed that
is too doubbish, right? We want to make
sure that we see somebody in that seat
that's going to be cutting right uh
rates at the right time for the right
reasons and not someone that's just
cutting rates because the president
wants them to. If we see a situation
like that, you know, we we think it's
very quite possible that you could see
the 10-year, the 30-year, you know,
longer maturities moving higher as the
as the market becomes concerned uh about
inflation. So, um yeah, we we we still
think those cuts are going to continue,
but also we have to remember we're
getting to a point right now where
you're you're starting to see the impact
of the cuts that we saw earlier this
year, late last year, start to show up
in the market, and we think those are
also something that helps provide some
stability to stocks here. The other side
of the Fed's mandate of course is
employment and you think the dark side
of AI and you think it's actually
happening right now in real time is that
it is forcing the labor market to shed
some jobs. How does the Fedi fix that
and cut into that?
>> They can't. They they they can't. And
that's one thing that again another risk
to our to our base case for next year is
that you see these AI related layoffs
tick up. You know, right now we estimate
about 15 to 20% of the mass layoffs that
you've seen announced have something to
do with AI. Again, right now that that
is somewhat contained, but if you see
these AI advancements really pick up,
you start to see those layoffs
accelerate. That's where that becomes a
problem. And you know, the tax cuts that
we talked about on the front end of the
show don't really do a whole lot for you
uh if uh you don't have any income to
tax. So, that's something we want to
watch closely. Again, I think next year
is really all about how do we prepare
our portfolios for a wide range of
outcomes right now. If you look at the
ETF market, so many investors are really
starting to lean pretty heavily into uh
dual direction ETFs, which are a newer
category, but really help uh you you to
be able to produce a positive return
when the market is going up, but also uh
when the market is going down. So,
coverage for a wide range of outcomes is
what it's all about. We think you're
going to see those spurts of volatility
and that's incredibly important for next
year.
>> I got a viewer writing in, a trader
writing in asking if you worry about
another government shutdown in January,
Tim, and um the the potential added
spending uh if or when this Congress
brings back the Obamacare subsidies.
>> Well, Matt, I I'm not necessarily
worried about a government shutdown.
Your market tends to do very well in uh
throughout these government shutdowns. I
mean, clearly there was some relief when
we got this one resolved. But no, Matt,
I think what when we look at the
portfolio, that's why we want to make
sure that we're we continue to lean into
other assets like gold, like Bitcoin. I
mean, you look at gold, I mean, we we
we're hitting all-time highs. It feels
like every every day now on average hit
an all-time high about every six days
this year. Um, but we also want to be
cautious with those assets. I mean, you
look at the runup 60 plus% this year in
gold. That's that that's we got to be
cautious of that. When we've seen runs
like this in the past, you tend to see
those draw downs be much steeper. So,
uh, we like the asset long-term. Same
thing with Bitcoin, but, uh, you need to
make sure that you're not holding this
in your risk control bucket. You need to
make sure that you understand there
could be some big swings, some big draw
downs, and some volatility that comes
along the way.
>> Tim, thanks so much for your time this
morning and merry Christmas. Tim
Urbanowitz of Innovator Capital
Management. Let's get you an update on
stories we're watching elsewhere. Danny
Ber joins us with your Bloomberg brief.
Hey Danny.
>> Hey Ann Marie. President Donald Trump is
warning President Nicholas Maduro not to
quote play tough [music] as the US steps
up its blockade of oil tankers going in
and out of Venezuela. Sanctioned tankers
are still loading [music] Venezuelan oil
despite US pressure. President Trump
said the US will keep the oil from
seized [music] ships. Elsewhere, Ukraine
coming under intense fire from Russia
despite ongoing peace talks. Russian
forces launched a missile and drone
attack across Ukraine, killing civilians
and hitting energy targets. [music]
Ukraine President Vladimir Zalinski
said, quote, "This Russian strike sends
an extremely clear signal [music] about
Russia's priorities." Shares of Nova
Nordis rising in the European trade, up
7.6%, Eli Liy down 1% after the FDA
approved a pill version of its weight
loss shot, Wiggoi. The pill is expected
to launch in the US in early January.
[music] The product is crucial for
Novo's strategy to take on Eli Liy which
has said [music] its own oral obesity
drug could be approved by March. And
that's your Bloomberg brief and Marie.
[music] Thank you so much Danny. And
Novanortis shares are up more than 7%.
Matt on that news.
>> Yeah, they have severely underperformed
Eli Liy. I mean this is really um a
shocking story because of course Novo
Nordisk was the pioneer uh for this
whole class of drugs and Lily uh was
such a late entrant in comparison but
has now absolutely dominated um
consumers seem to prefer tzepide
>> and even though it's going to be a few
months if you could take a pill or a
shot you're probably most likely going
to want to take [music] a pill.
>> You you are until you realize that it
really doesn't hurt. It's just a tiny
little it's just
>> and Matt knows this from personal
experience. So, we'll get more into that
a little bit later in the program. Up
next, a warning to Venezuela's President
Maduro.
>> He could do whatever he wants. It's all
right. Whatever he wants to do. If he
wants to do something, if he plays
tough, it'll be the last time he's ever
able to play tough.
>> Bob McN of Rapidan Energy Group joins us
next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance. Good morning.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning and welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. [music] I'm Anna alongside
Matt Miller. today. He got up early to
join me on uh this shortened week
because of Christmas. [music] Looking at
where markets are trading this morning.
Really nothing going on in terms of
equities muted. This is of course as we
had three days of rallies. [music]
10-year yield softer. We do have a bond
auction later today. There is a ton of
action when it comes to the commodity
space. Copper hitting another record.
Gold hitting another record. Now we're
eyeing 4,500 when it comes to gold. Gold
this year alone in 2025 has had 50 days
[music] of record highs. The entire
commodity space is taking off.
Continuing [music] commodities under
surveillance this morning, a warning to
Venezuela's President Maduro.
>> He could do whatever he wants. It's all
right. Whatever he wants to do. If he
wants to do something, if he plays
tough, it'll be the last time he's ever
able to play tough. But
they sent their prisoners into us. They
sent people from mental institutions and
insane asylums into the United States.
Just walked right in. Venezuela took
advantage of the open borders more than
any other country.
>> Here's the latest. President Trump
cautioning Venezuela's President [music]
Maduro not to challenge the United
States as the administration steps up
its blockade of oil tankers going into
and out of the country. Bloomberg's
Lauren Dazinski joins us now from
Washington. Lauren, what are you looking
at in terms of the next steps the US
administration is willing to do when it
comes to Venezuela?
>> Yeah, essentially President Trump is
saying that he's he's making the
statement of, you know, if he wants to
play tough, we will play tough. But
these aren't actually specific points of
negotiation. These aren't action points.
Uh usually when Trump deals with these
type of of talks, whether it's with uh
Russia and Ukraine or with here in
Venezuela, he's not specifically
negotiating in public. And so in terms
of what I'm looking at is the fact that
he did still say that land strikes are
on the table. He was a bit vague when he
talked about it yesterday in response to
a reporter's question where he
essentially said that yes, land is on
the table. I'm obviously butchering that
quote, but it's this idea that, okay, if
going along this premise of Venezuela is
still bringing drugs into the country as
Trump is alleging, the US still has
grounds to proceed with some sort of
land strike. But of course, the big
question that we were looking for
yesterday and again still applies today
is is that going to happen and when? And
we still don't know.
>> It's an open question. Bloomberg's
Lauren Dazinski, thank you so much for
that update. You'll be back with us in
about 60 minutes time. Bob McN of
Rapidan Energy Advisors writing,
"President Trump is determined to co-opt
or replace Nicholas Maduro. We assigned
around 70% odds of US success." Bob
joins us now. Bob, thank you so much.
It's been way too long. So excited to
have you on the program. 70% odds you
have on that he is able to get rid of
Madura. What's your timeline?
>> You know, we're uh good to see you,
Amarie. It's we're talking about weeks
to months. The president is not in a
hurry and he wants to do this at lowest
cost possible. He's trying to intimidate
pressure Maduro to see the writing on
the wall and leave. So we don't think
he's in a huge hurry, but I think we're
measuring it in weeks to months. This is
not something I think he wants to do in
the summer or the fall before the
November election. So the tempo seems to
suggest we're on a weeks to maybe months
schedule.
>> You've worked in the White House in the
past. Do you think this is actually
about drugs or is this about Russia and
China's influence in Latin America?
>> You know, this is about a few things.
Number one, sort of Venezuela or Maduro,
the Maduro regime is the poster child of
everything the new Trump national
security strategy and especially the
Trump corollary to the Monroe doctrine
which says not only do we want do we
want foreign colonies here anymore, we
don't even want our adversaries having
major economic or strategic mineral
stakes in this region. You add that
together with what you just uh ran there
with the allegations of drug uh drug uh
business uh terrorism uh an ally of
Russia, China, Iran, all of that comes
together for really Maduro is that
poster child of everything that needs to
be toppled really from the Trump foreign
policy point of view.
>> Hey Bob, Matt Matt Miller here in the
studio with Ann Murray. You know, it's
interesting to me that President Trump
pardoned the former Honduran uh
president, Wano Orlando Hernandez, even
though a US court had convicted him of
helping to bring in hundreds uh of of of
thousands of kilograms of cocaine uh
into the US. So, I don't really buy the
drugs excuse. And I really wonder uh why
or how the Trump base will react to this
like neocon strategy. I mean, we can
talk about the Monroe Doctrine, but um
Donald Trump ran on the platform of not
doing this kind of thing, uh this kind
of intervention into other sovereign
nations. So, how is this going to hit
him in the midterms if it drags out?
>> Well, uh it is a risk. If uh Venezuela
becomes anything close to a Vietnam
situation, even a whiff of that would be
uh disastrous for the president
politically and his base and so forth.
But let me give you another reason I
left out in my litany. Oil. President's
been very explicit about this. Uh he had
a good look at it in the first term. The
administration had a good look at
Venezuela and decided uh time wasn't
right to take down Maduro. Now a bolder
administration deciding the time's
right. World's largest reserves. The
president's angry about the
nationalization of US companies. Uh and
last night he spoke about even putting
some in the strategic petroleum reserve,
although the quality will not work. He'd
have to sell it and buy some other
grades. But uh I'll give you this oil
and when it comes to oil uh and and you
know there's a also a selectivity Matt I
think in uh this hemisphere the
president has a more interventionist
posture his national security strategy
basically said that so a little
different than let's say the Houthis
Maduro is hoping this goes like the
Houthis did in the spring. Uh we we
spent over 50 days we dropped a thousand
munitions and we lost. We called it a
draw. We walked away. Uh and so that's
different. But in this hemisphere, we
don't think uh President Trump's going
to going to uh allow himself to lose.
>> You know, we did see, Bob, oil prices
rise up uh yesterday. We're seeing
slight gains as well today. I know that
um Venezuela's oil is just a drop in the
bucket in terms of global supply. Um but
what would happen if you did get a
regime a regime change favorable to the
US? Because we are very good at refining
that heavy sour crude,
>> right? You know, look, I think oil
prices are are on a trend that's falling
as this uh surplus arises, but you see
these these uh spikes have happened on
geopolitical headlines. And Venezuela is
just one cause of that. Now, look, if we
were to lose temporarily 8 to 900,000
barrels a day of Venezuelan heavy crude,
it's no fun for China. They've been
buying that stuff, most of it, cheaply,
but they can they can get it elsewhere.
That's only 4% of their supply. Same
with us. we can get those heavy high
sulfur barrels that China, the United
States refiners really like to produce.
It's not a critical supply source like
what comes out of the Arabian Gulf or
Russia and so forth. So we think it's a
pretty minor thing. Now the real
question clients are asking us two
things more longer term. Number one,
okay, if we have a unsanctioned friendly
regime in Caracus open to Western
investment, how quickly could Venezuela
increase production and by how much?
We're on the more cautious side of about
a million barrels a day in in 10 years,
but huge uncertainties there. The other
question we get is will President Trump
force a post post Maduro regime to leave
OPEC? Uh I don't think he will. I think
the president learned to love OPEC in
the second quarter of 2020 and I think
Saudi Arabia and UAE with whom the
president has very good relations would
really be upset if we tried to pry a
founding member out of OPEC. So I think
for oil markets because Venezuela's
supply right now is quite small. I think
it's really these longer term questions
that would be really most interesting if
there were regime change.
>> What a reversal from Trump when he first
came on the scene in terms of talking
about OPEC. Bob, just quickly, what does
this mean for Chevron, the only US oil
company in Venezuela?
>> Well, I mean, Chevron is going to be
there uh after Maduro and is going to be
well positioned to grow. It has people
on the ground. It knows the system
better than any other US company. Uh
there would may be other Western
companies coming in in a postmaduro
regime, but uh Exxon has the excuse me,
Chevron has the uh has the lead
position.
>> Maybe that was a quick when you said
Exxon that was subconscious what the
Trump administration might want to see
in the future. Bob, thank you so much
for joining us this morning. Bob McN of
Rapidan Energy Group. President said
yesterday that they're keeping the
crude. Not really sure what exactly he
meant by that. Keeping the crude to
what? To sell it, to refine it, to put
in the Trigic petroleum reserve. And the
other thing is does this open up
potentially at least from a business
point of view does this open up
Venezuela maybe for US companies?
>> Yeah, I think that uh last question is
the most interesting right because um as
Bob has said he thinks they could could
really boost their production to maybe a
million barrels a day or more and maybe
you could see an Exxon uh getting into
that business.
>> Well, they certainly have the reserves.
Coming up in the program, Yhierra Anan
as your morning movers. Nova Norta
shares rising after its obesity pill
gets a [music] seal of US approval.
You're watching Bloomberg surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Anry Herd. Matt Miller
alongside me today. Jonathan is still on
paternity leave and Lisa has [music] the
week off. Let's get a check on where
markets are this morning. relatively
muted when it comes to equities going
into the Christmas uh holiday with you
know a little bit of a Santa Claus rally
in terms of the fact that S&P 500 has
[music] had three days of gains. We look
at the bond space today will be a little
bit interesting because we do [music]
get a $70 billion 5-year Treasury note
auction and then a $44 billion 7-year
auction on [music] Wednesday. Your
10-year yield 4.14%.
We do see some softness um at least in
[music] the yield space following what
we saw yesterday when Japanese JGBs were
absolutely exploding. And then where the
action is today as it was yesterday is
once again in the commodity space.
[music] Copper just hit a fresh record
at the start of this hour. Gold
continues to climb. And to Matt's
[music] point, do not show gold at the
end of 2025 as a 1-day spot price. Look
at gold year to [music] date. We've had
50 Matt record highs.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's been amazing the gain
of uh more than 70%. You haven't seen a
year like this since 1979.
Um, so it's been a while and the
question is really what's driving those
gains beyond, you know, the herd
mentality. Um, you haven't seen the
dollar fall much more than 10% from its
peak. [music] Um, so I guess you could
argue currency debasement if you're
looking at, you know, global currencies,
but it's not [music] about the green
back
>> and it's also the fact that central
banks around the world, especially since
Russia's invasion of Ukraine, have been
looking at diversifying instead of going
to [music] the dollar, they're going to
go to gold. All right, we're 3 hours
away from the cash open. We're going to
get your morning movers right now with
Yahara Anen. Hi. [music]
>> Hi, Ann Marie. Huntington's emerging as
a key winner in President Trump's naval
buildup. Just last week, it was chosen
to design [music] a new class of small
warships for the US Navy. And investors
see potential for more upside. That's
because President Trump just yesterday
[music]
touted plans for a new so-called Trump
class fleet of larger vessels. This
stock is [music] up more than 85% year
to date and another 5% this morning.
[music] Meanwhile, moving on to Rocket
Labs. Those shares are falling 6.2%
>> [music]
>> 2% after a strong rally that saw the
stock rise 44% over 3 days after it was
it won [music] its largest ever
satellite contract for the US Space
Force. Shares are now pulling back after
disclosure showed overnight that an
[music] insider sold more than $1
million worth of shares. And we end on
our big mover to the upside and that is
Novo Nordisk up 7% [music]
uh as it gains an edge over Eli Liy in
the obesity drug race with the FDA
approving a pill version of its WGOI
[music]
drug giving Novo first mover advantage
when it comes to these uh weight loss
treatments taken orally. The pill hits
the US [music] market in January giving
it a monthsl long lead over uh Eli Lily.
And you won't want to miss this. CEO
Mike Dustar will be on surveillance
later this morning at 8:15 a.m. Eastern.
>> Yeah, looking forward to that
conversation with [music] Katie Griffeld
and the CEO as this is a massive move
for that company. On our radar this
morning, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessen
calling into question the Fed's 2%
inflation target, saying the complexity
of the economy warrants a broader range
for inflation than an exact decimal
point.
What drives me crazy,
the economy, the markets are biology.
They're not math. They're not physics.
And this idea that we can have this
decimal point certainty is just absurd.
So I I believe that once we re anchor to
the target, then we could talk about a
range.
>> Interesting conversation. He was with
the All-In podcast. I listened to the
entire hour and when it talks about the
inflation range, something that
individuals like Muhammad Alerin has
been talking about for years, Besset
made it very clear. You cannot have this
discussion, you cannot change the range
until you reanchor inflation back to 2%.
Because if you were to change the gold
posts at the same time that it's been
what 18 months and they can't get it
back to 2%, then you're in trouble
because basically you lose all
credibility. Yeah, I I think uh you know
he has a great point and probably
everybody on the Fed would agree with
him that um there there's no chance they
can get a decimal point certainty, but
they're so far from a decimal point
right now. They're still 50% above their
target and they haven't come close for
years. So, um I think most of the market
doesn't believe the Fed really wants to
get to 2%.
>> No. And tactically, if you're cutting
interest rates in that type of
environment where inflation is, you've
basically accepted that two is a new 3%.
Something else interesting he talked
about because obviously a lot of
speculation on who the president is
going to announce when it comes to the
new chair of the Fed. He said two
things. Many have already said they want
to shrink the institution. These
individuals he's interviewing alongside
the president like Christopher Waller,
the two Kevin, Rick Reer next week is
going to get his ter his term at Mara
Lago. Also talked about getting rid of
the dot plot. So basically a really new
look at potentially what this Fed chair
could bring.
>> Yeah. I mean um it makes sense. Although
I'm not sure that the Fed has as much
power in terms of its effect on markets
and the economy as it once did. Oh that
tie is from J Press. I have that one. Um
[laughter] you know because look over
the last year and a half the Fed's cut
175 basis points from its funds rate.
And in the meantime, the 10-year yield
is up 50 basis points. Um, there just
isn't the same or the transmission
mechanism doesn't work as well as it has
in the past. So, something needs to
change for sure.
>> Absolutely. Matt never knew your sense
of
style and the the way you could just,
you know, spot brands almost
immediately.
>> Well, I don't know if I said J Press.
>> True, true, true. Okay. President Trump
preparing to direct executives from
defense contractors to spend more money
on weapons development and less on stock
buybacks and bonuses. Trump also
unveiling plans for new class of naval
warships dubbed the Trump class in a
push to revive US ship building. And
Nova Nordis, as we've talked about all
morning, shares are rallying after the
company won approval to sell a pill
version of its blockbuster weight loss
drug we go in the United States. It's
normally an injection. A trial saw
people taking the pill lose more than
13% of their body weight over 64 weeks.
We'll have more of that conversation in
the 8:00 hour with the CEO. Turning back
to the Federal Reserve, Fed Governor
Steven Myin reiterating his call for
lower interest rates. Myin joining us
yesterday saying the US risk falling
into a recession unless the central bank
takes more aggressive action. Take a
listen.
>> You nodded to the fact that uh
recessions are inevitable. Fed's job is
to kind of forstall them as much as as
they can. policy makers jobs are that
I'm I'm very curious when you look at
the labor market in particular the rise
that we've seen in the unemployment rate
that's kind of rise we've seen
customarily before recessions how do you
assess the the risk of there being a
recession here in the near term when you
look at the labor market for instance
>> so I don't see a recession in the near
term in part because we are adjusting
our policy rate uh by lowering it which
is appropriate uh you know my view as
I've as I've described is that a ve a
variety of shocks that hit the economy
you know including changes to the
population growth rate due to changes in
the border policy have pushed what we
call the neutral rate down and that
policy needs to adjust downward to
reflect that downward shift in neutral.
If we don't adjust policy down then I
think that we do run risks of rising
recess of rising recessions. I don't
think it's too late to prevent that and
so I think it's important that we keep
on adjusting our policy rate down but at
the moment it's not my base case in part
because I think that we ultimately will
end up adjust continuing to adjust
interest rates down.
>> Want to ask you about the utility of the
Myron descent. So we had the uh the Fed
chair asked that press conference about
the increasing kind of fractured nature
of the Fed committee. We've talked about
quiet dissents as well. Um what are you
achieving or sort of what's the reaction
been to you desenting as you have been
kind of in the conversation among the
the committee?
>> Yeah. So look I mean there's not really
any strategy here. I'm just transparent
and say what I [snorts] think and always
have and that gets me in a lot of
trouble. And uh
>> but does it or is it a constructive? So
when you when you descent in the way in
which you do does is it a constructive
descent? Do you find that others are
willing to engage with you and your
perspective on inflation for instance?
>> Yeah. Well, my perspective on inflation
is is is you know, look, in my first
speech, I talked about inflation a
little bit, but I I mostly was focused
on on neutral. Uh my speech last week, I
really drew out a lot about my outlook
for inflation that was sort of implicit
in the first speech and sort of just
cursy uh cursely curs cursory treated
and I really drew that out. So my views
on inflation haven't been out there
fully fleshed out for the committee for
so long and now we're running into
holiday season. But I have found that
people are con that people are
constructive. They want to discuss these
things and I think that's important. And
you know look one positive benefit of me
potentially dissenting like this is that
it introduces a more a wider variety of
of of views. I think it's really really
important to avoid group think. I think
if you if you fall into group think, you
stop questioning where you could be
wrong and then it just becomes much
easier to be a complacent consensus that
is in error. I think we've seen that
over and over this year. For example, on
tariffs.
>> Let's talk potentially about tariffs.
The president is pushing for this $2,000
tariff dividend. Uh the Treasury
Secretary is talking about these tax
refunds start of 2026. Is there
potential that more money in consumer's
pockets could goose inflation?
>> Yeah. So there is potential for some of
these factors to boost economic growth.
With respect to sort of tax refunds, you
know, I think that sorry, with respect
to tariff refunds, I think we need to
sort of wait and see what the policy
looks like before getting into uh
analyzing its consequences if there does
end up being a policy. with respect to
tax refunds that are a result of the
already legislated uh tax bill, the one
big beautiful bill act from last year.
Those are already baked into the
forecast and they will provide a little
bit of demand stimulus, but there's so
much other stuff going on as a result of
policy in OOT triple B in deregulation
in other things that are going on
economic policy that ultimately push out
the supply side of the economy too. And
my view is that if you push out the
demand side while you're putting the
brakes on the supply side, you get
inflation. If you push out supply and
demand at the same time, it doesn't
really have an effect on prices.
>> But do you think it was a mistake that
when we had under the Biden
administration, the American Rescue
Plan, Inflation Reduction Act, sending
out checks to American consumers? Was
that an error?
>> Well, it's not appropriate for uh you
know, for a member of the Federal
Reserve as an error or not, but I do
think that if you if you hit if you hit
the gas on demand while you're hitting
the brakes on supply at the same time,
it will result in higher prices. That is
that is that is an economic
>> $2,000 checks do a similar reaction as
we saw by the other checks during the
American Rescue Plan.
>> Well, it depends what's happening on the
supply. So, two things matter. One is
the state of the demand uh state of
aggregate demand
outside of those checks. And if you go
back several years, the economy was
recovering on its own from co from CO,
right? It was co was not like you know
the great the financial crisis which had
lingering deleveraging effects for a
decade plus which meant that demand was
perpet was persistently depressed. After
co you know we started getting vaccines
we started getting antivirals. Places
started opening back up. The economy
started returning to normal on its own
and so demand was growing quite
healthily and jobs numbers were beating
every month and so throwing more
economic support on top of that wound up
sort of pushing an already expanding
demand side to expand even further.
Right now you see the unemployment rate
is tilting up on its own. Right? So
demand is in a separate is is in a very
different place than it was in 2021 but
so is supply right and I think that if
you're taking policy steps that are
going to push out supply or supply is
moving out for reasons other than policy
for instance AI uh which I find
difficult to quantify but a lot of
people put a lot of put a lot of faith
in. If supply is moving out for whatever
reasons it can accommodate increasing
demand and so the effect on prices could
be very different. So
>> how are you thinking about the next
meeting because it could potentially be
your last. Do you plan on dissenting in
favor of 50 basis point cut again?
>> Look, I plan on I plan on pushing for
the policy that I think is appropriate
at the time. I will say when I got to
the Fed, we hadn't cut rates at all this
year. And so it was very important for
us to move rates down quickly. Since
then, we've pushed rates down three
times, 75 basis points of cuts to the to
the policy rate. So the need for me to
descent for 50 becomes a little bit less
as we come down. I haven't yet decided
whether I'm going to push for 25 or 50
next meeting. I think it depends on on
on a variety of factors. So, I could see
voting for 25, but I do think it's
important that we continue steadily
reducing the policy rate.
>> Governor Steven Myron joining us
yesterday. Important to note after he
spoke with us, the Treasury Secretary
was on the All-In podcast, and he said
that he thought Steven Myron would be
going back to the CEA sometime in
February or March. This all has to do
with the timeline of who and when the
president decides he's going to announce
when it comes to the Fed chair. Let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning. Danny Burgerer joins us
for your Bloomberg brief. Hey Danny.
>> Hey Ann [music] Marie. President Donald
Trump is reiterating his desire for US
control over Greenland after announcing
plans to appoint Louisiana Governor Jeff
Landry as a special envoy to the island.
President Trump called it a matter of
national security for the US. Those
comments though have sparked outrage in
Denmark and Greenland. [music] Denmark's
prime minister has warned that the US
cannot annex the country. Elsewhere,
London's luxury Rosewood Hotel is up for
sale. [music] Sources telling Bloomberg
that the billionaire chain family has
appointed advisers with the Hong Kong
property group New World Development
grappling with liquidity issues. A
spokesperson [music] at Rosewood Hotel
declined to comment on ownership
matters, saying that its brands are not
up for sale. Larry Ellison [music] has
pledged $40 billion of his own personal
wealth to boost Paramount's bid for
Warner Brothers Discovery. The
billionaire is aiming to give his son,
Paramount CEO David Ellison, the
advantage in a fiercely contested
takeover [music] battle with Netflix.
Warner Brothers confirmed that it had
received Paramount's amended offer,
[music] but says it still supports
Netflix competing offer. And that's your
brief, Emory. Once again, Danny, thank
you so much. Barbarians [music] at the
Gate sequel is coming. This is what a
viewer sent to me yesterday when the
news came out.
>> I I love this story so much. and Lucas
Shaw's coverage incredible uh from
Bloomberg West Coast has been really
amazing. I mean, the fact that David
Ellison uh reportedly sent David Zazlov
a couple of text messages that Zazlov
did not respond to
>> because he wanted to go at Netflix.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Totally ghosted. I
>> I mean, also because maybe he was
offended that um Paramount got uh
lawyers involved at a crucial time in
the bidding process. I highly recommend
everyone read Lucas Shaw's coverage.
[music]
>> Yeah, it's incredible. Well, we're going
to be talking about that a little bit
later today as the battle for Warner
Brothers continues. Up next though,
aggressive housing [music] reform.
>> You will see this in the new year. I
will announce some of the most
aggressive housing reform plans in
American history.
>> Chenzho of Redfin joins us next. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance. [music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance [music] on this shortened
holiday Christmas week. The president
did announce we're going to get two
federal holidays [music] before and
after Christmas, but the markets are
going to be open. So, we are still here
looking at what S&P 500 futures are
doing this morning. Muted. We did have
three days of gains and a rally. You do
have the 10-year yield a little bit
softer today. Of course, this comes off
the heels of yesterday. Yields around
the world were spiking, especially out
of Japan. Um, you do have the yen 155.98
verbal intervention from the finance
minister. She was speaking directly to
Bloomberg. Talk about that Japan has a
heavy hand if they need [music] to do
need to have it when it come to the FX
market. And gold this morning up 1%.
We're now [music] looking at 4,500 an
ounce. This year alone, gold has hit a
record high, [music] 50 trading days.
Absolutely unbelievable across the
commodity space. Under surveillance this
morning, aggressive housing reform.
>> I'll soon announce our next chairman of
the Federal Reserve, someone who
believes in lower interest rates by a
lot, and mortgage payments will be
coming down even further early the new
year. And you will see this in the new
year. I will announce some of the most
aggressive housing reform plans in
American history.
>> Here's the latest. Mortgage rates
sitting near [music] multi-year highs as
President Trump prepares to unveil
substantial housing reforms to address
affordability. Chenza of Redfin looking
ahead to next year, writing, "Home
buying will become more affordable as
home prices grow slower than wages for a
sustained period. The first time that's
happened since the aftermath of the
financial crisis." Chen joins us now.
Chen, thank you so much for your time
this morning. So, do you think this push
into affordability when it comes to the
housing market next year has to come
from Washington DC or is it supply and
demand dynamics?
>> Good morning. Thanks so much for having
me today. So, I do think that the
housing market, it is in need of a fix.
Um, but I think the market is slowly
starting to fix itself. Um what we see
coming up in 2026 is that you know
mortgage rates will stay pretty elevated
a little bit lower than where they have
been the last 3 years but still stay um
above 6%. Um but home prices on the
other hand will be growing slower than
wages. So that means that for the first
time really affordability is starting to
take a U-turn and that means that you
know price um affordability is not going
to fix itself overnight. It'll take a
few years, but we're finally starting to
travel in the right direction.
>> Last month, we did have Bill Py, the
Federal Housing Finance Agency director,
say the administration is quote actively
evaluating so-called portable mortgages.
Do you think that can help loosen the
market?
>> You know, I I think that um the
challenge with portable mortgages is a
logistical one. You can't just change
the terms of how mortgages work and
what's allowed with mortgages after they
have been originated because that will
affect MBS investors. Um maybe there is
some sort of win-win scenario where
investors and um the uh uh you know home
uh owners can both come out on top. But
you know the the challenge with
affordability for the housing market is
not necessarily with existing
homeowners. it's really with um
firsttime home buyers who really can't
get in right now and portable mortgages
isn't going to help um them.
>> So um I wonder how you factor in the one
big beautiful bill because it strikes me
that uh those buyers will also be
getting real benefits when it comes to
tax deductions uh as well as you know
now an increased salt deduction cap.
>> Yeah. So, we do think that, you know,
some of these legislative changes will
help to spur a little bit of demand um
coming up. However, you know, if you
look at what's been happening with the
dynamics of the housing market over the
last 3 years, it's really just been very
much stuck. There hasn't been any huge
movements. If we're looking at what's
happened in 2025, you know, it's
interesting because supply actually
peaked in the spring of 2025. Um and
it's actually started to come down since
then and the reason is because sellers
are realizing that demand has been
falling over time as the economy is
weakening and people are getting very
jittery. So right now what we see in the
housing market is that there's about 37%
more sellers than there are buyers um in
the housing market. So while some of you
know these legislative changes might
spur a little bit of demand, I don't
think it's going to be a complete
gamecher. I I I wonder what you think
about the demographics on a broader
scale, Chen, because um you note that
people are going to be uh living with
roommates later and later and and having
babies well less and less. So, is that
trend set to continue or is there
anything that could change it?
>> Yes. So, we know that affordability has
been a problem for a really long time.
Um you know, as I was saying, we do
anticipate things getting better, but
it's not going to be an overnight fix.
So in the meantime, for the next few
years, we do think that this will weigh
on people's life decisions. Um people
will need to delay expanding their
family. They you might have
multigenerational families living
together at an increasing rate. Um but
you know, I think that we also have to
look at like sort of like the broader
demographic challenges um in the country
where you know, there is less
immigration um you know, we do like um
the population is getting smaller right
now. So that those are factors that are
weighing on house house buying demand
and that's part of why we're forecasting
that home price appreciation is going to
stay pretty muted for not just next year
but really for the foreseeable future.
>> What's hot and what's going to be not
for 2026 if you're thinking about maybe
you're looking at moving to a different
market.
>> Yeah. So you know um what we're seeing
right now is that most markets across
the country are sellers markets. That
means there is at least 10% more buy uh
sellers than there are buyers. And in
some markets um in the Sunb Belt, we
actually have twice as many sellers as
there are home buyers. So a lot of those
markets we do expect to continue to be
very cool um into the new year. The
markets that are remaining um sorry the
markets that are remaining pretty hot
right now are mostly concentrated in the
Northeast. Um, there's also San
Francisco on the West Coast and then
there's a a smattering of places in the
Midwest that are tend to be more
affordable places. And we expect that
these places, especially places that are
on the outskirts of New York City, um,
as more people are returning to work,
will remain the uh, hotter markets.
>> New York City suburbs, hot market for
2026. Chenzho of Redin, thank you so
much. Matt, I guess you're ahead of the
curve. I'm definitely behind the curve
on that sense. I mean, I'm a huge, huge
fan of New York City suburbs, and I'm
not just exclusively into Westchester. I
love Fairfield County and Connecticut.
Love the North Coast in Long Island. I
love the Short Hills, Summit, New
Jersey. I wouldn't want to do that
commute, but it's a fantastic place to
live.
>> It's a little bit easier now, I think,
to commute to Long Island if you work in
Midtown because
>> or if you work from home.
>> True.
>> Yeah. Well, you can then just work
anywhere. Why aren't you like in
California or Bali or, you know, South
Florida? All right. Coming up in the
program next, Paul Christopher of Wells
Fargo, Wendy Schiller of Brown
University, [music] Peter Supino of Wolf
Research, and Sonia Martin of DZ Bank.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
Good morning. Thanks for joining us on
this shortened [music] holiday week.
[music]
Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> The driver for a lot of these equity
values are still out there.
>> You need to build a diversified
portfolio across the entire ecosystem.
You've got a lot of great factors that
are propping up international stocks for
the coming year.
>> Investors need to be ready for surprises
and the unexpected.
>> There will be lots of supports out there
for earnings and therefore for markets,
but it'll be a volatile year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and Anie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Annie Hordern
alongside Matt Miller today. Jonathan
Pharaoh still on maternity [music] leave
and Lisa Brahmovitz is off for the week
just in time for Christmas. I guess
Matt's a little bit late, better late
than never. We will finally get third
quarter GDP at 8:30 Eastern. Of course,
all of this was an issue because of the
[music] longest government shutdown in
history. So, everyone just pretty much
thinks it's going to be stale. So, I'm
actually looking a little bit more
forward to the read [music] on the
consumer later this morning. We're going
to get consumer sentiment, especially
given the fact that it actually was
pretty depressed in November. [music]
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think it'll be
interesting to see GDP still though
because it should come down a little bit
from the last reading. Remember 3.8% in
the second quarter and the survey is for
3.3% this quarter. If we have a weaker
GDP and lower inflation, that gives the
Fed room to cut more and that's what
this market apparently wants to see.
>> The market certainly wants to see the
Fed cut more. We had Steven Myron on
yesterday. He doesn't know if he's going
for 25 or 50 basis point cut in January.
He also wants a look at the data but
more so wants a look at the latest
inflation [music] and jobs data. We are
going to get a read on the private
sector when it comes to [music] ADP
report at 8:15. Markets this morning
relatively muted on equities as we head
into Christmas. As Matt noted earlier to
me off [music] camera, we are in the
middle of the Santa Claus rally. You see
S& futures barely red. We did have 3
days of gains. All of the action this
morning though, Matt, is in the
commodity space. Gold is now looking at
a target of [music] 4500.
You have copper on an absolute tear,
blowing past 12,000. [music] Silver as
well. This is where all the action is.
It has been this way as well this entire
year when you look at gold. 50 days this
year [music] had a record high.
>> Yeah, gold has been on a serious tear.
More than 70% so far this year. The best
year for gold since 1979.
Um, but I will point out the Santa Claus
rally typically the last five days or
defined as the last five days of
December, the first couple of trading
days in January normally adds about or
on average about one and a half% and
we've got that already over the last
three trading sessions.
>> So everyone could just basically go home
except for us. We're here for the data.
And one corporate stock to watch this
morning, Nova Nordis. It's getting the
seal of approval for their injection of
we goi, very popular weight loss drug to
actually been taking in a pill [music]
form. They're now getting ahead of Eli
Liy. And even though it's going to be a
few months away potentially when both
these drugs hit [music] the market,
everyone is looking at Nova Nordisk
because they are the ones that are out
in front. Matt,
>> yeah, Novo Nordisk has really trailed
Eli Liy even though they are the pioneer
in this drug space. If you look at um
the stock uh of Novo Nordisk versus Eli
Liy over the last 5 years for example,
there's a 530% difference. [music]
So to Lily's favor. So it is massive.
But they've gotten a few breaks lately.
They've cut prices um faster than Lily
and they're going to get this pill it
looks like approved faster than Lily. So
maybe that gives them a leg up.
>> Pretty unbelievable. And we're going to
be speaking to the so to the CEO in the
next hour right here on Bloomberg TV.
Also coming from the program, Paul
Christopher of Wells Fargo Investment
Institute [music]
as the much anticipated year-end rally
takes hold. Peter Sapino of Wolf
Research as the takeover battle for
Warner Brothers grows more contentious.
And Sonia Martin of DZ Bank as the yen
gains ground. We begin this hour with
stocks on hold after the S&P 500 erases
December losses. Paul Christopher Wells
Fargo Investment Institute says the next
12 months will favor US equities based
on expectations for higher US GDP
broadening and accelerating earnings
growth, moderating inflation, and
improved global growth. Paul joins us
now. Paul, let's start with that take
you have on GDP. Does today's print
actually matter to you or is it just too
stale for you to care for next year?
>> Yeah, it's it's really too stale. And
what's more, the fourth quarter was when
we had the shutdown and that's going to
being that's going to bring us slower
GDP growth anyway. So the thing to look
at here for investors is really what
happens next in the real world in real
time and we think that's an acceleration
in the economy that starts sometime in
the winter early next year. So um how do
you see the economy with regards to
rates? Beth Hammock was saying she
thinks um that we're currently a little
bit below neutral. Of course, Amarie and
David yesterday talking with Steven Meer
who thinks we have a long way to go to
get there.
>> Yeah, we we think we're probably a
little bit above neutral still. Uh and
with this slowdown in the economy
already sort of baked in, right? It's
not showing up in data yet because we
don't have fourth quarter data, but
that's already baked in. The Fed's
looking past that. Fed's looking to an
economy that's going to be accelerating.
You mentioned copper prices
accelerating. We think that big big tax
refund season this coming up this year
will be above average for both
individuals and corporations. That will
do a lot to restimulate spending uh and
and really improve consumer confidence.
So we think the Fed looks through that.
>> [clears throat]
>> Paul, it's a little bit difficult for me
to square this circle. And um so the
economy is strong and strengthening and
you expect that to continue into next
year and yet you say uh we're still
above neutral like these rates are still
restrictive. So how could the economy um
be strengthening?
Yeah, it's a good question. So there are
parts of the economy that are really
still underwater or or struggling with
high with what we think of as being
above neutral interest rates. and that
would be small businesses. But the rest
of the economy is doing quite well.
Spending is is decent. Uh you've got
some problems at the margin and large
companies, especially those involved in
anyway in tech, those are going to be
doing really well. So there's spending
growth, we think that's already sort of
baked in that that's already going on.
It's a trend already in place. uh and th
those those people who are at the bottom
of the of the spectrum uh and the small
businesses for instance, they're the
ones who are waiting for rates to come
down and the Fed has to worry if they
cut by too much, could they trigger
inflation?
>> Well, not just if they cut by too much,
Paul, how much will the tax refunds you
mentioned? And potentially the president
of United States still wanting to go to
Congress and ask them to sign off. Not
saying it's going to happen, but he's
trying to promote it. $2,000 tariff
dividend checks. Is all of this going to
goose inflation?
It's going to goose the economy for
sure. We think there's still some
disinflationary trends in place
particularly in rents uh and uh and
gasoline prices. Uh those that's what's
that's what helped bring the consumer
price index down to the to a mid 26s uh
a couple of weeks ago. So that was you
know that's still a factor that we have
to think about here that that
disinflationary trend. We don't think
inflation jumps right away. And you've
also going to have tariff impacts that
are prominent now. levels are going to
be fading as we head into 2026
>> as you want to favor the AI theme, but
you want to trim direct exposure. How do
you want to then showcase your portfolio
when it comes to AI?
>> Yeah, it really needs to be a
diversified portfolio. Don't forget
about that fixed income side. Uh we like
the 3 to sevenyear investment grade
maturities there. And on the equity
side, we think the way to play AI and
other technology trends like industrial
automation that we think is going to
become more important going forward.
That would be to to look for sectors
that are going to be oh, let's call them
subsidiary trends or ancillary trends
like data centers. That one that one's
pretty popular right now. But you go to
industrials and you go to utilities and
you go maybe even to financials as more
companies borrow to have to participate
in those trends. That way you don't
you're not exposed to the overextensions
that happen that have happened in
information technology and communication
services.
>> Paul, what's the expectation for uh
manufacturing? Um are we really going to
get manufacturing back in the US
especially as we um charge so much more
for power because we need it for data
centers? Uh I is that is that expected
to to come back because the one big
beautiful bill does have um a lot of uh
benefits um carrots if you will uh to
manufacturers.
The way we're looking at it right now is
that that that sort of old-fashioned
lunch pale conveyor belt kind of
manufacturing that probably ends up
being nearshored
someplace friendly uh Mexico, Latin
America perhaps uh or Southeast Asia. We
are increasingly u getting more positive
on Southeast Asia and emerging markets
generally because of that. But here in
the US it might be a new kind of uh
industrialization. I mentioned
industrial automation that's going to be
important. Defense spending that's going
to be important. Automation will come in
there as well. Pharmaceuticals another
area. Semiconductors. There's going to
be a new kind of or more modern
industrialization we think that takes
place more tech oriented here in the US.
Are you worried then about the labor
market because uh as you've got AI
taking jobs from coders and I guess
robots taking more and more jobs away
from factory workers or Southeast Asians
um it doesn't seem like there's a lot
left for the US labor force.
>> Yeah, there's going to be a a period of
adjustment for sure where there are some
people who are losing jobs uh and then
they have to look for something else.
But these new areas we think will create
new opportunities that we haven't really
seen a lot of yet. Especially uh on the
pharmaceutical side, the defense side,
the industrial automation side. It's
going to be very heavy tech, but not
necessarily coding. It'll be more along
the lines of whatever develops with
artificial intelligence.
>> Paul, thanks so much for your time this
morning. Merry Christmas to you and your
family. Paul Christopher
>> of Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
Interesting point he talked about
nearshoring. A huge story for 2026 is
going to be that USMCA is up for
rebargaining. And I think the president
is going to really want to come to that
negotiating table with better trading
favorability for the United States
because he already was putting tariffs
on these countries that we had a trade
pact with.
>> Yeah, it'll be interesting to see those
negotiations. You know that I focus uh
very closely on the automotive sector.
And to me, one of the most fascinating
aspects of uh the current um uh trade
situation is that it's cheaper to build
a car in South Korea and bring it uh for
sale here in the US because you just
have a flat 15% tariff than it is to
bring the steel and aluminum and
components into the US and build it in
Detroit. Um you know, by a substantial
amount. Ford was saying earlier in the
year that if you look at head-to-head
products, they're losing out by 5
to10,000 versus Japanese or South Korean
production. So,
>> and you had a great interview with the
Ford CEO about a week ago,
>> Jim Farley two days ago.
>> Um, yeah, it's going to be an
interesting conversation when it comes
to USMCA. To Matt's point, the auto
sector is squarely in the middle. We
want to get you an update now on stories
elsewhere this morning. Danny Burgerer
joins us with your Bloomberg brief. Hey,
Danny.
>> Hey, Marie. President Trump says that
the US Navy will build a new Trump class
battleship. [music] He says they could
build as many as 25 ships. It's part of
what they're calling the Golden Fleet.
It's a bit to revive US ship building
and compete against China, which at the
moment makes the majority of [music] the
world ships. America has not built a
heavy gun battleship since the 1940s.
Elsewhere, Alphabet buying clean energy
developer Intersect Power for $4.75
billion in cash plus existing debt. That
move [music] is set to help Alphabet
expand its data center footprint. Aging
US grids are struggling to meet power
demand that's booming [music] for the
first time in decades, thanks in large
part to AI. Sachs considering Chapter 11
bankruptcy. [music] Sources telling
Bloomberg that it's a last resort as the
company has more than 100 million debt
payments [music] due at the end of this
month. The department shores store chain
is also weighing additional ways to
shore up liquidity. that includes
[music] raising emergency financing or
selling assets. And that's your brief.
Amarie
>> Danny, thanks so much. And back with us
in about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program, pulling back on buybacks.
>> Next week, I'm going to meet with the
defense prime contractors. They spend so
much money on buybacks. They want to buy
back their stock. I don't want them to
buy back their stock. I want them to put
the money in plant and equipment.
>> Wendy Schiller of Brown University joins
us next on that story and a lot more as
we look into 2026. You're [music]
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. is about 7:15 here on the
east coast in New York. Markets this
morning are relatively flat when it
comes to [music] equity markets as we
head into the opening bell, which Matt
will take you through this morning. And
then we of course want to [music] look
at where gold is this morning. I'm
obsessed with commodities because they
are an absolute tear across the entire
space. Copper this morning, fresh
record. Gold fresh record, eyeing 4,500
an ounce. And I can't get over this
statistic, Matt. [music] That 50 days
this year meant gold was at a record
high. It's just been an incredible
[music] year for gold. You have to ask
really what's going on.
>> Yeah, it has been amazing to watch.
>> It's one risk off. Gold's up.
>> To watch this run up. Yeah. Um Bitcoin
comes down and the digital gold loses
out a little bit. Uh although to me it's
still amazing to see it at $85,000.
Um [music] and silver also has been a
huge winner. Much much better gainer
than gold. Gold up 70%. Silver is up
like 140%. So double the gain of gold.
That's a great point because silver also
has much more of a use case for [music]
the physical real world than gold does
which is just a store of value. Under
surveillance this morning pulling
[music] back on buybacks.
>> Next week I'm going to meet with the
defense prime contractors. We're going
to be discussing capex spending. We'll
be discussing the pay to executives
where they're making 45 and $50 million
a year and not being able to build
quickly. We want the dividends to go
into the creation of production
facilities. They spend so much money on
buybacks. I don't want them to buy back
their stock. I want them to put the
money in plant and equipment. The
>> president of the United States is
dictating what he wants companies to do.
Here's the latest. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg that President Trump
could sign an executive order clamping
down on buybacks and dividends by top
defense companies to encourage spending
on weapons development. Bloomberg's
Lauren Dazenski joins us now from
Washington. Um Lauren, I I have a
feeling I know what the business
community and sea of America are going
to say about this, but walk us through
what the administration's thinking is.
>> Certainly, but I just have to say that
listening to that quote without any
context, if I simply read it, I would
think that it came from Elizabeth
Warren. what Donald Trump is saying
about stock buybacks and how these
companies need to spend more on the
actual products, but really it's it's
Trump putting his fingerprints on the
spending of these US defense
contractors. And this administration has
not been shy about essentially telling
companies what they want to see these
companies do and essentially using the
tools of the presidency, whether it's
executive order or anything else to push
through what it is that Trump wants to
see, which in this specific case, it's
kind of cutting back on these executive
compensation uh that isn't tied to
specific performance levels. you know,
it's it's delivering specific systems,
which is what Trump wants to see. Um,
but again, it's it's this idea that the
administration is going after targeting
the procurement process for weapons and
and kind of targeting this idea of a
deep state within the
military-industrial industrial complex,
which is what Susie Wilds mentioned in
that Vanity Fair interview that came out
that was pretty explosive. But again,
this this idea that Trump is going to
use the resources available to him, and
we see this throughout how his
administration acts um in order to get
what he wants.
>> Hey, Lauren, you're I your first point
is exactly what I was thinking. Um, you
know, at my age, hearing a Republican
rip CEO pay um, uh, you know, tell them
they shouldn't be buying back shares and
encouraging government inter
intervention in private corporate policy
is just uh, uncanny. And I wonder how
much longer the rank and file Republican
party will stay behind him. or is this a
new party um that is much more aligned
with Elizabeth Warren and the Democrats
of my youth?
>> I think Donald Trump would say that this
is the Trump Republicans. This is the
Trump Republican party. Um I think we'll
have to see how the rank and file
Republicans contend with these types of
things that Trump himself is pushing
for. I think there's a certain amount of
Trump's base that no matter what he
does, they will stick with him. But if
we're looking at the election results
from this past November and ahead and
the midterms that are approaching
rapidly, Republicans are facing a
question of do they stick with what
President Donald Trump is saying, which
sure, if you're going after a core
Republican base, there's an argument to
be said there. But there are a lot of
other voters out there who are not Trump
Republicans and perhaps are a bit
uncomfortable with the idea of the
government telling private companies how
to spend their money and how to conduct
their own business.
>> Lauren, thanks so much for your time
this morning. Bloomberg's Lauren
Dazenski. Joining us now to discuss this
further is Wendy Schiller of Brown
University. And Wendy, before we get to
the news at hand, me, Matt, and and our
team here at Surveillance, just want to
extend our deepest sympathies to you and
everyone at Brown. you have been in our
thoughts and in our prayers.
>> Well, thank you so much, Emory and Matt.
Um, it's been a difficult time. Uh,
we're trying to move forward and um, you
know, uh, feel for the families of the
injured and the and the students who
lost their lives and Brown's a strong
community and province is strong. So,
Rhode Island, everyone's everyone's
getting together and trying to really
move us forward. We've just joined so
many other communities in America that
have experienced really similar
tragedies. Absolutely horrific tragedy
especially before Christmas. Um Wendy,
when it comes to what we just heard from
Lauren, our colleague in Washington, do
you think this is just an extension of
what Trump plans to sign in this
executive order when it comes to
buybacks and dividends for companies?
This is an extension of the
administration's take on state
capitalism.
Well, I mean, he's following a pattern,
right? He's sort of intervened already,
right? He wants shares in, you know, uh
tech companies. He wants the government
to be a partner. His point is the US
government funds so much across the
board spends so much money um everywhere
from higher education for technology 30
years ago 40 years ago to start
developing um a lot of what we use today
to defense spending I mean honestly
thinking about prior presidents I think
Eisenhower Eisenhower left office and
gave a very famous speech on the um um
military-industrial complex and it's a
little bit Eisenhower to say we're we
spend a lot of money we pay you a lot of
money we're not interested in you making
your share price higher or your company
more valuable or for you to make, you
know, bonus at the end of the year. Give
us really good defense equipment. So,
it's really an interesting take and I
think that, you know, remember for
Congress, every single congressional
district receives some sort of defense
related spending, every single one. So,
they can't afford for Trump to turn off
that spigot. What what's the best
paradigm, Wendy, to um to use right now
in order to view this presidency, this
economy, if it's no longer a Republican
party that believes in free market
capitalism, what is it?
>> Well, I mean, Matt, I think that Trump
believes in free market capitalism as
long as there is a return that's an
actual visible objective return partly
that he can either claim credit for or
be part of. Have we seen he's getting
involved in Hollywood deals across the
you know he wants to see productivity in
the end of the day he is a builder that
is the way that his family made money
that's way he made money and that's a
product you deliver at the end that
people can use and so I think that's
where his thinking comes from but he
seems to be and his administration as
well in a rush now it seems that they
believe they will lose control of the
house at the very least in 2026 and they
understand what that means for being
lame duck his popularity has stabilized,
but it slipped quite a bit from
inauguration day. You know, he's in the
low 40s, high30s. I think he sees and
his people see that the time to act is
now. So, you're seeing a very an
onslaught now of things that he wants to
get done. Partly to look presidential,
but also because I think they're
realizing that substantively things
could be so very different this time
next year.
>> Do you expect push back from the Supreme
Court?
Well, you know, the Supreme Court uh has
to worry about its reputation for
independence. It really I think they
think about their legacy. I mean, it it
takes a lot to get to the Supreme Court.
You know, the history of all the courts
that have come before you and certainly
they want to reassert their legitimacy,
not just an appendage of Trump and the
Republican party. So, I see some push
back in some areas. We don't know what
will happen with birthright citizenship.
I think that's a very big decision
coming down the pike for them. But there
are other ways in which I think they
will try to restrain the executive. But
Robert's message has always been clear.
Congress, you have constitutional power.
Use it, exercise it. We're not going to
do that for you. And so far, we haven't
really seen that.
>> Do you think Wendy, just quickly, we
will see push back for once maybe from
corporate America.
And Marie, you know, given what the
president's just announcing about the
defense industry, uh, you know, the
executive has grown so powerful overall
across all presidencies in the last 25
years that there is real fear that Trump
will, you know, commiserate with
Elizabeth Warren. All of a sudden, he'll
wake up and think maybe there should be
more regulation. And he knows that he
will move ahead with that. Congress
usually does it and they can lobby
Congress, but he's using executive
orders in ways we just simply haven't
seen before. So, I think they're still
going to stay pretty quiet. Wendy,
thanks so much for joining us this
morning and happy holidays to you and
your family and everyone of course at
Brown University. Matt, just quickly on
the All-In podcast yesterday, Secretary
Bessant was asked about this and he
said, "We are in an economic war war and
we do not want it to become a kinetic
war." He was talking about the biggest
threat right now to the US economy that
97% of the semiconductors that we need
are made in Taiwan. And he said these
critical industries, defense, ship
building, semiconductors, this is where
the US government feels like they need
to have a heavy hand. Yeah, it is pretty
unfathomable that we allowed that to
happen. All of the production of
semiconductors essentially is in Taiwan,
a territory that's claimed by China. So,
um I can't believe it got that far and
certainly this is I think something that
people agree on across the aisle, a
bipartisan support for for trying
somehow to move that out,
>> right? But it is state capitalism and we
saw Europe do in the 60s and 70s and it
didn't completely work. So I think
there's going to be a lot of questions
since 2026 on exactly how the
administration is going to be continuing
when it comes to heavy hand and equity
stakes. [music] Coming up the program,
Peter Spino of Wolf Research on the
battle for Warner Brothers discovery.
Plus Yah is back with your morning
movers zim surging as the shipping firm
weighs offers from prospective buyers.
[music]
That stock is up more than 9% this
morning. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Amir Hordern joined by
Matt Miller this morning. Waking up
early to join me so I'm not all alone in
the studio. John is still on paternity
leave and Lisa has a welldeserved week
off. S&P 500 futures today alongside the
rest of the futures market relatively
flat. The Russell 200 is [music] down
210 of a percent. We have seen though a
rally into Christmas. The Santa Claus
rally. Matt alerts me that based off
history, we are in the middle of what
would be the normal Santa Claus rally.
The S&P 500 just [music] have a 3-day
rally. So we are just, you know,
fluctuating around all-time highs.
Switch up the [music] boards this
morning. As Mr. Pharaoh would say what
we are seeing across the bond space
10-year yield 4.14%. [music]
We do see a softer bond space after what
we saw yesterday out of Japan when you
had the 10-year JGB [music]
absolutely exploding up more than six
basis points. But really all the action
today is in the commodity space. [music]
Whether it's gold, whether it's silver,
whether it's copper, absolute tear. This
is gold [music] year to date. And in
this year alone, for 2025, this would
have been your best bet. January 1st,
2025, go on vacation, put your entire
portfolio into gold [music] because it
hit 50 days of record highs.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, even better
would be silver, right? Because it's had
double the return, 140% year to date.
>> Before men's gold, right? Gold.
>> Exactly. Also easier um to buy large uh
portions of. So I think um it's been
[music] a spectacular rally to watch and
it's still kind of TBD as to what's
driven it completely. I know that
there's some of it is currency
debasement. I know that some of it is
central banks around the world stocking
up uh as well. And of course we are a
proflegate spender with no guard rails
on that but it still has been I think a
little bit too much of a rally to
justify
>> and sanctions policy at least when it
comes to gold. You have seen central
banks to your point buying more. Silver
is actually used in the physical world.
Copper is a little bit more interesting
because a [music] lot of traders are
front running what they think the Trump
administration might do, which is a
higher trade barrier when it comes to
power.
>> By the way,
>> were you here the day that Mr. T came in
>> years ago?
>> Yes, Mr. T.
>> I was I was interning for [music]
another show on this on that was being
housed at Bloomberg.
>> He was wearing 46 lb of gold.
>> I have a photo of Mr. T [music] that
day. I'll have to like look back in the
archives, but wow, Matt, you have a
great memory. All right, 2 hours away
from the cash open. Here's your morning
movers with Yahira. Hey Yahira. Hi Enry.
We start [music] with a shipping company
fielding offers from several suitors to
buy the company and that is Zims
integrated shipping. The company just
provided an update on the process
[music] saying that it rejected a
takeprivate offer from its CEO and
president saying it lowballed the
company. So investors clearly excited
about the potential for a bigger deal
with shares up more than 9% in the
pre-market. Meanwhile, [music] Nova
Nordisk is down 45% year to date, but
seeing a pop this morning of nearly 7
and a half% as it gains an edge over Eli
Liy in the obesity drug race. That's
because the FDA has approved a pill
version of its WGOI drug, giving Novo
first mover advantage when it comes to
these weight [music] loss treatments
taken orally. The pill is set to hit US
markets in January, giving it a
monthslong lead over Eli Liy.
>> [music]
>> uh its drug is expected to uh gain
regulatory approval later in March. And
we end on Rocket Lab. Those shares are
down 5% [music] after a torid rally that
saw its shares run up 44% over 3 [music]
days and that's because it won its
largest ever contract um largest ever
satellite contract for the US Space
Force. We are seeing some weakness
[music] today due to a share sale of
over $1 million. But the entire sector
is taking a breather this morning after
it saw a [music] rally due to uh an
executive order from the president last
week on space exploration. And Marie
Yhara, thanks so much for joining us. On
our radar this morning, President Trump
ramping up pressure against Venezuela's
President Nicholas Maduro.
>> He could do whatever he wants. It's all
right. whatever he wants to do. If he
wants to do something, if he plays
tough, it'll be the last time he's ever
able to play tough.
>> Bob McN actually told us in the last
hour, he thinks a 70% chance actually
the United States will be successful
when it comes to what they're trying to
do with Venezuela. Trump's warning
comes, the administration steps up that
blockade of oil tankers to and from the
country. Shares of Nova Nortis, as you
hire was saying, rising as the company
wins FDA approval to sell a pill version
of its wei drug. The outcome marks a key
step in its effort to protect its market
share from Eli Liy later this morning.
Matt, the Novanorta CEO will be joining
the show speaking to Katie Griffeld. I
had no idea you actually had firsthand
knowledge of how this drug works. And I
can't imagine how maybe for someone like
you, and I'm not sure, tell me if I'm
wrong, but maybe for someone that
actually is injecting themselves with
this drug is waking up and thinking,
"Wow, come January, I could take a
pill." I imagine that's life-changing.
Yeah, I will say um maybe it gets a
little too personal, but I have always
had a a terrifying fear of needles. So,
I was a little bit worried about that
aspect when I started. I had a a very
high um body fat count at like 28 29%.
>> I thought you've always looked great.
>> So, I needed to I needed to slim down.
I'll tell you what,
>> it didn't hurt and doesn't hurt at all.
It's hard to describe as an injection.
It's more of a of of a push. However,
you have to keep the medicine
refrigerated and transporting it then
can be difficult. And of course, it is a
little bit more of a task than just
swallowing a pill once a week. And some
of these companies are looking at pills
that you could take once a month, once
every quarter. So, I think soon enough
it's going to be easier than ever um to
take GLP ones. And I think a lot of
America needs it.
>> And Eli, well, okay,
>> potentially. Yeah, we do have a high
obesity problem, but there's other
things. Okay, there's other things you
can do. Of course, you can be eat
healthy. You can go to the gym minimum.
That hasn't worked right for decades.
So, it's not going to all of a sudden
work this year.
>> It'll be interesting to see what the CEO
has to say. Also, how they view Eli Liy
because their approval is also just
around the corner. But, you know,
Novanortis is getting this to the
gatefirst advantage. And Warner Brothers
reviewing Paramont's beefed up bid after
receiving Larry Ellison's $40 billion
personal guarantee to backs stop the
offer. The board, however, not modifying
its position, continuing to support
Netflix competing bid. Peter Sapino of
Wolf Research joins us now for more. Uh,
Peter, I don't know where to start. I
cannot wait to watch the movie of how
this saga absolutely unfolded. Who do
you think is actually going to win out
in the end?
>> First, I want to praise you on that
transition from obesity drugs to studios
beefing up on buying each other.
[laughter]
Uh, we think Paramount has a slight edge
in what is a really tight horse race.
These horses are neck and neck. Um the
bids are tricky to compare. They're just
a dollar apart if you adjust for the
various ways you should adjust them. Um
the Warner board seems to be thinking
about this like a house sale. Uh pretend
you're selling your house and there are
multiple biders. Uh price matters and
certainty of getting the money matters
and and that's where this process is
hung up.
So where the money matters though, if
you have Larry Ellison not just backing
this by $40 billion, they're also
talking about an increased offer when it
comes to the regulatory fee if this was
to break down. If this doesn't move the
board, will anything?
>> So the board in addition to being
worried about price is also thinking
about the condition in which the
business would exist. uh if the if if
whatever deal they choose doesn't close.
Both of these bids face regulatory
scrutiny that's hard to forecast. I mean
it's Trump and the
uh plans for cost reductions with the
among inside of these two bids are very
different. So Paramount has planned 6
billion of cost reductions and Netflix
has planned 3 billion of cost reductions
and Netflix plan is much more focused on
streaming and technology costs while
Paramount's plan is more focused on
studio savings and and that's where the
Warner board gains comfort from Netflix
because they imagine if this deal were
not to close the studio business would
be healthier a year or two in the
future. Peter, it does seem uh like the
board doesn't matter as much if you're
going directly to shareholders, right?
And that's the one uh uh element that
they didn't move. Paramount didn't move
here. I mean, shareholders don't really
care that much if there's a 5.8 or a 5.6
or a $5.9 billion breakup fee. Like,
give me the money, right? If it's $30 a
share, make it 33. If that's not enough,
make it 35. Why don't they just raise
their offer?
We think that they will. And the stock
market, the the arbitrage market that is
currently setting Warner Brothers price
is saying that Paramount or somebody
will increase the offer price. Uh in the
meantime though, the Paramount board
needed to and did uh at least to an
extent address the Warner board's
concerns about certainty. And so the
updated offer yesterday involved
different language about the financial
guarantee from the Ellison family and it
also involved different language about
revocability
uh which is a arcane issue that matters
to the Warner board. Uh we wonder about
the language relating to material
adverse changes. Um the board also
changed language about interim operating
and financial controls by Paramount. So,
they're getting into the details of
contract language to try to strike the
best deal they can and price probably
comes next.
>> It's interesting that they're still
trying to appease the board in a hostile
takeover. I I wonder uh about the
employees to your point, you know, that
um Paramount wants to cut 6 billion in
costs and Netflix only three billion. Of
course, Netflix is not looking at the
entire asset, right? That would be um
split off or the cable elements would be
split off. Um, Michael Wolf told me at
one point that the creative community
though is behind Paramount because they
believe that David Ellison wants to make
movies and show them in theaters, right?
Whereas Netflix clearly has an adversity
to that. They they want to be streaming
everything and if it goes to the theater
maybe for a week before streaming
release or at the same time. So, it's a
very different scenario.
theaters are a consideration for the
Hollywood community uh as is the
existence of a third studio-based
streaming service. So imagine the
streaming industry a few years from now
as linear TV continues its gradual but
inexraable decline and streaming
continues to rise. With this
combination, it seems credible to expect
the Paramount Warner entity to compete
head-to-head with Netflix and Disney
among the streaming services that are
based in in Hollywood. And then there's,
of course, the native technology
companies, Apple, Amazon, YouTube, which
are going to do their things. Their
models are somewhat different. Without
this deal, if Netflix swallows up
Warner, it's possible that that list of
Hollywood based streaming services will
end up being two major companies. Matt,
you got very passionate there. Do you
still go to the theaters? Have you seen
any good movies recently?
>> I do. I've seen uh one battle after
another twice in the theater.
>> I've also seen that.
>> I excuse
probably once a week.
>> Um Peter, on that note, if Netflix loses
or Paramount loses, where do you think
each of them will look given the fact
that they wanted these assets so badly?
Is there anywhere else they can go?
Well, I'm so glad that you asked because
we've been writing for years and with
more intensity in the last year that NBC
Universal really needs to do something
for a lot of the same reasons that
Paramount needs to do something. And NBC
Universal has a very comfortable home
inside of the Comcast conglomerate. uh
but as a media business it is both a
wonderful producer of films and
television and theme parks and also
quite subscale from a direct to consumer
distribution standpoint. Uh and so
whoever doesn't win Warner Brothers
ought to go out and try to do a deal
with Brian Roberts which is really
difficult to do because Roberts has has
about 32% of the votes at Comcast and a
history of liking his conglomerate
structure.
Thank you so much, Peter Sapino of Wolf
Research for joining this story and I'm
sure you'll be back with us in 2026 to
talk about it more because this saga is
not ending. Matt, I did see that movie.
I know you don't believe me, but I did
see one battle after another. Paul
Anderson, it's pretty incred incredible
and unique. I don't know if I could sit
through it twice, though. It's quite
long.
>> Well, you know, one of the best parts
for me is that he has an homage to
Bullet. Um, the classic Steve McQueen
chase scene with the Mustang and the
Dodge Charger, except for in this case,
well, I don't want to ruin it for anyone
who goes to see it.
>> Yeah, you should go see it. I want to
see um Marty Supreme.
>> Marty Supreme. Yeah, Marty Supreme.
>> That's that's um that's the new movie
out right now with Tim Timothy uh
Shalamé.
>> Oh, Teimote. [laughter] Okay,
>> Timote. You don't want to see that?
>> Yeah. No, I mean, I might. My wife has
told me she's got a movie picked out for
us this weekend and she is a huge fan of
Team O.
>> Well, Josh Safy is the director and I
loved Uncut Gems. So, I'm hoping this
has a little bit of that vibe. All
right, enough of movie. Let's get to an
update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your Bloomberg brief
with Danny Burgerer.
Hey, Amarie. President Donald Trump says
that he believes, quote, "People are
very angry that pictures are being
released which [music] connect them to
notorious sex offender Jeffrey Epstein
days after the DOJ released a new set of
files tied [music] to the late finance
year. The president said that he hated
to see former President Bill Clinton who
[music] appeared frequently in the
release being tarnished by the
association with him describing the
situation as terrible. The US Federal
Communications Commission says that it
will ban most foreignade drones and
critical components for unmanned [music]
air unmanned aircraft systems. The new
rules apply to future imports and sales,
not those already in use. [music] The
decision comes ahead of a deadline for
adding Chinese drone maker DJI
Technology to the AY's covered entity
list. And in sports, the Kansas City
Chiefs, Kansas City Chiefs are moving
across the Missouri border to Kansas.
[music]
The team making the announcement after
lawmakers approved a public financing
package to build the new $3 billion
stadium. The Chiefs still need approval
from other NFL team owners to relocate
and Missouri is trying to keep the team.
[music] And that's your brief, Emory.
Thanks so much, Danny. Up next,
mitigating speculation.
The yen's sharp, very short-term
movement [music] right as the BOJ
governor began his press conference last
Friday. That was clearly not in line
with fundamentals, but rather [music]
speculative. Sonia Martin of DC Bank
joins us next to talk about what's going
on in Japan with the dollar yen trade.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Under surveillance this
morning, mitigating speculation.
The yen's sharp, very short-term
movement right as the BOJ governor began
his press conference [music] last
Friday. That was clearly not in line
with fundamentals, but rather
speculative. Against such moves, we have
made clear that we will take bold action
as stated in the Japan US finance
[music] minister's joint statement.
Here's the latest. Japan issuing its
strongest yen intervention, warning in
an effort to mitigate sharp declines in
the currency. Sonia Martin of DZ Bank
writing, "Dollar yen remains a bit of a
mystery that currency pair should be
falling and I suspect Japan's finance
ministry isn't wrong when it's saying
that there is a strong speculative
element in the unmoved." Sonia, thanks
so much for joining us this morning. We
had this interview with the finance
chiefs talking about that they're
willing to take this heavy hand. It is a
lot of verbal intervention. What do you
think is going on with the currency
pair?
Well, um I mean definitely dollar yen
has been one of the uh currency pairs
this year that has puzzled investors
exceedingly. Uh obviously uh we've had
some significant swings in this currency
pair in particular and you know
generally a much weaker yen as a result
predominantly of uh the fact that
markets just aren't really buying into
the whole monetary policy shift by the
BOJ. I mean, investors are convinced the
BOJ will hike rates, and obviously
that's what they're doing, but the
problem is that the BOJ has a tendency
to coat its rate hikes with very
doubbish language and I think there's uh
that's just kind of tainted the picture
a bit for the yen and then we've seen
parts uh of course where we've had
stronger dollar moves in the second part
of the year. So, it's kind of been a
combination and as I said, I think there
was or at times certainly a strong
speculative element in this as well.
It's almost like the market is baiting
the BOJ and the MF to see when the pain
threshold will be reached.
>> What is the uh the picture of the dollar
right now, Sonia? Because if I look at
if I type WCS into my terminal and look
at a one-year or a year-to- date chart,
every single currency outperforms the US
dollar among the majors with the
exception of the um South Korean Juan.
But if I put in a six-month time period
or or or a half year um then the dollar
does much better. So how does it look to
you?
>> Yes. As you said, I mean the first half
of the year was dominated by a very weak
dollar and it was you know the whole
trade policy. I think people were just
really yeah shocked I think by what was
happening in the White House liberation
day all of that happening Trump session
fears and then in the summer it kind of
all just simply vanished apparently. I
think we got used to it. There's been
some trade deals that have been made
that have at least um well created a bit
of a lull in the trade dispute between
the US and many other countries. Uh the
topic isn't off the table, but I think
that's kind of calmed the market down.
And then we have seen a reservicing of
hopes that the US economy would be doing
comparatively well compared to what it
was expected to do anyways. And I think
that's helped. And then you know last
but not least we have seen quite a lot
of evidence that you know demand for
dollar assets from foreign investors
remains strong and there's a lot of talk
about ddollarization but when you look
at the portfolio flow data from the US
it's clearly not happening at least not
yet.
>> Well unless you look at uh precious
metals and I know you're um in charge of
foreign exchange obviously gold is not a
currency but the amazing run that we've
seen for that shiny stuff as well as
silver. How do you explain that?
>> Well, I mean when you talk about gold,
definitely we have seen evidence that
there's been quite a strong demand for
gold by central banks. This has been
happening for some time now. This isn't
new. I think what's happened this year
is because of all the global
uncertainty. foreign u retail investors
have joined the party if you will and
and I think at some point in gold as
well there was a sort of a bit of a
speculative momentum as well but we we
remain bullish on gold actually despite
the fact that we're already at really
high levels because that underlying
uncertainty isn't going to go away but
the fact that gold has been viewed as
very attractive does clearly not enough
to sort of really take away from the
dollar at least at this point
>> where's your price target for gold given
the fact that you remain bullish I mean,
look at the one-year chart. It's hit 50
record highs just in 2012 alone.
>> Uh we have a target of 4,800. Uh which
looked a lot more bullish a few weeks
ago than it does today. But
>> yeah, it doesn't look that bullish
today. Sonia, you might have to up your
call.
>> It did look at the time, but I think the
message is demand will remain very
robust. This isn't a bubble. Um and you
know, we have another three years of
Trump as president ahead of us. And that
means, you know, it's going to be bumpy
rides for investors for those three
years. And if we're unlucky, it might go
longer. Um, and this is going to keep
demand, I think, well supported.
>> When it comes to gold though, is it
about the policy in the United States in
terms of sanctions and the fact that
central banks are trying to make sure
they are meeting mitigating away from
the US dollar.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think I think for the
central banks, that's been a factor
that's been driving at least partially
their demand. I think the sanctions
against Russia, uh the whole debate that
we've been having recently about what's
going to happen to this Russian money
and and who's going to get it and who
gets to keep it, that has certainly
intensified those concerns for some
countries. So, I think that that is
definitely one factor playing into this
for the central banks. Yes,
>> euro strength uh at least against the
dollar over the past couple of months
has been notable. Um is that just a weak
dollar or do you think it's really euro
strength? No, it's definitely a weak
dollar. I mean, we had a a brief period
in March when we saw some, you know,
original euro strength and this was
after German Chancellor Merz announced
the 900 billion euro spending package.
There's a lot of optimism at the time of
that might, you know, that being a
gamecher for Germany. Now, you know, now
it's 9 months down the road and we have
to face the harsh reality that you this
is going to take considerable time to
filter through that unfortunately maybe
we may not be able to really invest this
money in ways that going to produce
longerterm growth. So, I think that
optimism has waned. So, I think when you
look at purely the euro side, I would
say, you know, levels where we are right
now, it's actually looking to me a
little bit expensive.
>> What what what do you expect from the
European Union in terms of growth? I
mean corporate profits were nil this
year but uh we see forecasts for gains
in 26.
>> Yes, there is definitely somewhat well
I'm not going to say upbeat but when you
look at the growth forecast for the next
year it's definitely more than this
year. Germany we have a growth forecast
of 1% which you know isn't much but it's
definitely more than we had this year
and this comes from fiscal spending
obviously particularly in Germany we
have a lot of money going down the
pipeline in the coming year. you know we
have a front loading effect so 50
billion will be spent next year alone
that's going to make a difference to
growth um I think there's going to be
some momentum but I think at the same
time we have to be careful because I
think the multiply effects of this might
not be as high so when you look at 2027
it already the picture's already
dampened a bit again so there's a little
bit of cautious optimism for next year
but it's not exactly euphoria
>> Sonia thanks so much for your time this
morning merry Christmas to you and your
family Sonia Martin of DZ Bank coming up
in the next hour of the program, Mona
Mahajan of Edward James, Vincent
Reinhardt of BNY, Dan Skellyy of [music]
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, and
the Novo Nordisa CEO. Matt, that is
going to be a conversation with Katie
Griffel. You do [music] not want to
miss.
>> I'm absolutely looking forward to it. I
mean, they're coming out with a pill and
the question is, can that speed [music]
adoption of this medicine?
>> And what does this mean for Eli Liy,
which today is down in pre-market
shading? All right, all that coming up
next. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> The driver for a lot of these equity
values are still out there. You need to
build a diversified portfolio across the
entire ecosystem.
>> You've got a lot of great factors that
are propping up international stocks for
the coming year.
>> Investors need to be ready for surprises
and the unexpected.
>> There will be lots of supports out there
for earnings and therefore for markets,
but it'll be a volatile year.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
Anmarie Hordern.
>> Good morning and welcome [music] to
Bloomberg Surveillance. I'm Annie
Hordern alongside Matt Miller today.
Good morning, Matt. Thank you for waking
up early and joining me. Jonathan is
still on paternity leave and Lisa is
[music] off for the week, but us gang
will be back together in the new year.
It is an important hour this hour
because before everyone goes home for
their holidays in case you're home
already. Maybe you could just [music]
watch from your work from home studio or
or desk, we are going to get important
data. [music] We do have ADP data which
is going to be give us a little bit more
information on what's going on in labor
market in the private sector. And we're
going to get at 8:30 Eastern time
durable goods and GDP. [music]
Everyone is pretty much saying, "Look,
GDP is a little bit boring because it's
very stale." And then I think what's the
going to be the most interesting is
consumer confidence, Matt, [music] at 10
a.m. And you'll be bringing us through
that.
>> Yeah. Uh it it is key, right, to this
economy. How is the consumer doing? Is
the labor market holding up? Um is the
rate uh too high as Steven Meyer um whom
you had on yesterday would probably tell
you. But the thing is GDP looks like
it's going to come in at 3.3% and it was
3.8% in the last quarter and the fourth
quarter doesn't feel too slow either.
With the exception of the government
shutdown, everything looks like it's on
track. We're firing on all cylinders.
>> But how difficult is it if the big part
of GDP is just investment and spending
[music] on AI when there's a massive
debate in this market and it still
persists into 2026 whether or not we're
in a bubble?
>> That's an incredibly good point. And um
does that massive [music] capex, does
that huge spend on AI data centers crowd
out everything else and cause inflation?
Because as you also point out, we're
going to get a lot of tax rebates. The
president wants to send $2,000 checks to
not everyone but to a lot of this
country. [music]
Uh and um electricity prices, power
prices, with the exception of gas just
going up.
>> And that has been [music] a huge issue
politically in Washington. And it was a
huge issue for the elections we had in
Virginia and in New [music] Jersey and
it's going to be a massive issue for the
midterm elections that obviously for
2026 that is what I am going to be very
focused on. Top corporate story this
morning I want to bring your attention
to Novo Nordis. Matt and I have been
talking about it all morning. Shares are
skyrocketing this morning up more than
8%. But Matt has been making a very good
point all all morning. [music] The fact
of the matter is Nova Nortis has had a
really tough year when it when you
compare it to Eli Liy, [music] but they
are getting ahead of Eli Liy right now
when it comes to something very
important and that's being able to take
Wiggoi as a pill instead of as an
injection.
>> Yeah, I think it's interesting to watch.
I've been following um this [music] back
and forth very closely because a lot of
uh Americans, a lot of people around the
world are having to choose [music]
between Zepbound and we go, right? And
uh for a while CVS had discouraged the
use of Eli Liy Zetbound and [music]
pushed people towards WGOI. Also Novo
Nordis got a head start in terms of the
price cuts on Wiggoi. And now Novo
Nordis look like it's going to [music]
looks like it's going to get a head
start in terms of um the pill as well.
However, uh the Tzepide, Eli [music]
Liy's drug, is so much more popular and
it looks like they're gaining so much
market share that Eli Lilly stock has
outperformed Novo Nordis by 530%
over the past 5 years. Novo stock has
just been tanking [music] since the
middle of 2021.
>> This is why this is so important, this
seal of approval before Eli Lilly for
Nova Nordis because they can get their
pill potentially to market as soon
[music] as January, which is next week.
All right, broad markets. Let's take a
look at what's going on. You basically
have S&P 500 futures mute [music] uh
muted. We did have three days of a rally
and gains. Though as Matt tells me,
historically we are in the middle
[music] of the Santa Claus rally. We
just had a big discussion on what's
going on with the yen. It's a little bit
mysterious for some individuals, but the
finance [music] chief over in Japan sat
down with Bloomberg and said they are
ready and willing to use a heavy hand
when it comes to intervention in this
market. And as we've been talking about
all morning, all the actions in the
commodity space, gold is up 1%. [music]
That's nothing, though, when you look at
the year-to- date chart of gold hitting
a record high for 50 days out of the
year. Copper, silver, the entire
commodity complex pushing higher into
the [music] new year. Coming up at the
program, Mona Mahajin of Edward Jones as
stocks look to end the year on a high
note. The Nova Nordis CEO as the company
wins FDA approval for weight loss pill.
Uh Katie Grifel bringing you that inter
interview interview and Vincent
Reintheart of BNY investment as the last
set of major economic data trickles in
today. We begin this hour with stocks on
pause after closing near record highs.
Mona Mahajan of Edward Jones with a
constructive outlook for next year
writing elevated tech valuations
improving liquidity and better earnings
momentum across cyclicals midcaps and
international equities support a
potential rotation. Mona joins us now.
Mona gives you the confidence that we're
actually going to see a real rotation
when it comes to equities because we
have been here before. We have seen a
lot of false starts.
>> Yeah. Uh it's a great call out. Look,
it's uh year three now of growth
outperforming value of technology and AI
leading the charge higher. But one thing
that we watch carefully is of course
earnings growth. And earnings growth for
2026 first uh we think continues to look
like it will head towards double digits.
But the good news is underneath the
surface there is both tech and non- tech
parts of the market that is driving that
charge higher. And that is a difference
from what we've seen in 2025 and really
in the last couple years where uh it is
the tech earnings that have driven most
of the S&P corporate profits. So next
year more balance between growth
cyclical and value driving earnings
growth higher. And by the way, as we
think about a Fed that is cutting rates,
that is an environment where valuations
tend to expand. Uh we don't see that
much scope for valuation expansion in in
the tech and growth parts of the market.
they've already seen uh some of that
occur, but we do see potentially that
scope for valuation expansion in that
493. So, a couple of factors that could
drive that part of the market higher and
drive that rotation.
>> Does the Fed need to be cutting rates? I
mean, if we're at 3 plus% in terms of
GDP growth, a lot of Republicans are
saying maybe four. I saw Art Laugher on
Fox yesterday say 5%. Um and inflation
is at three unless you believe the last
set of CPI numbers that we got. Does the
Fed really need to be cutting rates?
>> Yeah, you know, look, I we don't think
that's a prerequisite for the markets to
continue to perform well here. Uh we
know that in fact the economy has grown
when the Fed was at 4 and a quarter 5%.
Um we have not seen you know some of
those recessionary conditions over the
last couple years that many economists
had been calling for. So as we look
towards uh 2026 where the Fed has
brought rates down to under 4% now uh we
think the the base case and what markets
are pricing which is one or two more
potential rate cuts is a reasonable kind
of base case scenario for 2026. If you
think uh inflation kind of ends in this
2 12% range or or lands there uh
typically the Fed likes to bring Fed
funds rate about 75 to 100 basis points
above that level. So kind of 3 and a
half% seems like a fair value for the
Fed funds rate.
>> By the way, Mona, we've seen I think 175
basis points of rate cuts since
September of 24. And in that time, the
10-year yield is up like 50 or 60 basis
points. And Torson Slack from Apollo out
with a note today um showing that we
have German yields rising, Japanese
yields rising um really highlighting the
concern that a lot of people share.
global yields are going to continue to
pull US longer term yields up. Does that
worry you as well?
>> Yeah, you know, look, our uh outlook for
2026 calls for a tenure that stays in
this 4 to 4 and a.5% range. Um, we
think, you know, the long end of the the
yield curve will be driven by one,
better economic fundamentals in the US,
but two, global markets, as you uh
noted, are also expected to see a real
meaningful pick up in earnings growth uh
next year as well. So, there are global
factors that are driving the US yield
higher. Now, keep in mind um for 4.5% if
you look over a 15-year horizon, this is
still towards the high end of a 10-year
yield uh versus that history. And uh for
investors that are in retirement, near
retirement, or just looking for income,
we're still looking at a pretty
attractive uh value from a an investment
grade type bond market where you are
getting uh 4% yield is close to, you
know, that 6 7% all-in income that you'd
like to see. And by the way, above the
rate of inflation as well. So we think
balanced portfolios make a lot of sense
heading into 2026.
>> When it comes to inflation, the debate
isn't over as you as you mentioned in
your notes. What do you make of what
we've heard recently from Beth Hammock
saying that she wants to maintain policy
right now and she's going to be a voting
member next year. Maintain policy right
now because she is concerned about
inflation.
>> Yeah. You know, I think generally what
we're seeing is uh two parts of
inflation as we know, the goods
inflation and the services inflation.
And and the goods basket of CPI is about
a third of the basket. And we think
there is potential for upward pressure,
especially in that first half of the
year as some of those tariff rates
continue to flow through to the end
markets and the end consumer and
consumer prices. But on the other hand,
we have the services inflation and
that's largely driven by shelter and
rent about 75% of the basket. We think
there is a reasonable case to be made
that there could be um at least some
stabilization and even downward pressure
there especially as some of the the
trends we've seen recently in rent
prices and home prices start to flow
through the CPI basket. And so we remain
comfortable that inflation hovers uh in
this 2 and 12% range. We don't see it
necessarily reacelerating unless there
is some exog exogenous shock to the
system. So uh we think 2 and 1 half to
3% remains a reasonable base case for
next year on inflation. Uh we think that
still gives the Fed a little bit of room
to bring rates as we talked about to
that 3 and a half% Fed funds rate.
>> And you think the consumer can hold up
in that environment?
>> Yeah, you know, we think the consumer
has held up in an environment um even
more severe than that over the last year
or two and as rates move lower that
should be supportive of course consumer
borrowing costs and corporate borrowing
costs especially on the the short end of
the curve. uh but as we know in the US
you know many have talked about this the
K-shaped consumer or the bifurcated
consumer and we know that low and middle
inome consumer is still uh perhaps
struggling a bit to keep up after years
of elevated inflation. Um but in the US
it is really the middle and upper income
consumer that drive economic growth and
they of course have benefited from the
wealth effects of you know better stock
market prices stabilization in in home
prices in real estate and so uh overall
we're seeing the economic growth picture
stabilize and even improve in recent
years.
>> Mona thanks so much for your time this
morning. Mona Mahajan of Edward Jones
and I just have to say if you're going
to zoom in I love that she had the
Christmas tree in the backdrop. Very
festive. All right let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your Bloomberg grief
with Danny Burgerer. Hey, Danny.
>> Hey, Marie. [music] President Donald
Trump is warning President Nicholas
Maduro not to quote play tough as the US
steps up its blockade of oil tankers
going in [music] and out of Venezuela.
The president says that US policy in the
Western Hemisphere is changing under his
administration. Sanctioned tankers are
still loading Venezuelan oil [music]
despite US pressure. President Trump
said that the US will keep oil from
seized ships. The Trump administration
is also investigating the shooting
rampage at Brown University earlier this
month [music] that killed two students
and injured nine others. Education
Secretary Linda McMahon says that
reporting in the wake of the incident
shows that Brown's surveillance and
security systems may not have met
adequate standards, allowing [music] the
suspect to escape. Senator Ted Cruz is
considering running for president in
2028. [music]
Cruz is positioning himself as a voice
for more traditional hawkish Republican
foreign policy and warning against
anti-semitism in the party. [music] A
potential Cruz run would put him on
course to collide with Vice President JB
Vance who is seen as a loyal lieutenant
to Trump and leads early polls for the
2028 Republican nomination. [music]
And that's your brief and Marie early
days. It might be a very crowded field
on both sides. All right, up next on the
program, a conversation you don't want
to miss. Nova Nordis [music] president
and CEO is joining us as Wiggoi lands a
major win getting approval for its
obesity drug. CEO will be sitting down
with Katie Griffeld and that's coming up
next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Let me get a quick check
on what's going on in the commodity
space this morning. We just had another
record. This time spot silver hits a
fresh record [music] above $70 an ounce.
This is how we had copper earlier this
morning hit a fresh record. And gold has
hit its 50th fresh record overnight.
[music] Now you have individuals eyeing
potentially 5,000 when it comes to gold
for next year. But spot [music] uh
silver, as Matt has been talking about,
silver has actually done better this
year than gold. Silver is actually used
in the physical [music] Martin market.
Copper definitely used in the physical
market and also that has some policy
uncertainty around [music] it.
Potentially trade dislocations linked to
Trump's tariff agenda. He might want to
up the ante when it comes to copper
[music] coming into the United States.
Now for our top corporate story of the
morning, Nova Norta shares rising in
free market trading. This after the drug
maker wins approval to sell a pill
version of its blockbuster obesity drug
we go. Joining us now with a special
guest, Katie Griffel. Hey Katie.
>> Hey Marie. Uh, thank you very much.
Joining me now, I'm pleased to say, is
the CEO of Novo Nordis. His name is Mike
Dostar. Mike, great to have you with us.
Just to set the scene here when it comes
to the US market. You've been losing
share to your rival Eli Lilly for a
couple years now, but with this
approval, you have an important first
mover advantage when it comes to oral
GLP1s. Given that you expect to start
selling the pill version of WGO in
January, whereas Eli Liy isn't due on
the market until March, how do you plan
to make the most of this head start?
>> Thanks very much for having me, Katie.
As they say, Christmas comes early, so
I'm super excited, of course, to be here
um announcing the, you know, the the big
pill. As you say, this is really going
to be super exciting for the millions of
patients that have been waiting to get
their hands on a GLP-1 pill. Um and for
the first time we are having a pill that
has an efficacy of some 17% if you take
the pill regularly and one in three
people are going to actually reduce up
to 20% weight loss. I think that data
speaks for itself and we are super
excited of course to be the first to the
market and um and we're going to give go
all in trying [clears throat] to make
this a huge success. Well, moving
forward, I mean, beyond just these uh
first few months after Eli Liy does have
their pill on the market, how do you
plan to compete? What is your strategy
there given my understanding is that
there's likely going to be no
restrictions when it comes to food, when
it comes to drinks around Lily's
version.
>> Yeah. So, as I mentioned, there are no
other phase three trials of oral GP1
that has shown this level efficacy. This
means that for the first time ever
people do not to have compromise between
either taking a efficacious injection or
a convenient pill. For the first time
ever you have the same efficacy of 17%
in injection or a pill. You can take it
on a daily basis as a pill or a weekly
injection. And that I think is the key
selling points um with we go vi pill. We
also have more than 10 years of of
course um experience with regards to
safety data and what have you. That's
why it's called the Vigovi pill which
means that this pill is not only going
to reduce your weight, it also has
protection for your cardiovascular
systems. So this is a phenomenal pill
second to none I would say and we are
very ready to compete with it. Let's
talk about how you're going to sell it.
Through what channels will you sell this
WGO pill? And will all of those channels
be available at launch?
>> The quick answer is yes. We're going all
in. We're of course going to sell this
through our own websites, Novocare
Pharmacy, as well as all of our
partners, be it Row, Life MD, um,
Costco, um, Weight Watchers, everyone
that you can imagine is going to start
launching this at the same time on the
day of the launch. Trump RX of course
will be coming up soon as well as well
as of course the traditional um, um,
channels that that usually medicine is
procured in US. Well, to that point
that, you know, it's going to be widely
available. Let's talk about supply. I
know that you've already started
production. How confident are you that
you're going to be able to, you know,
meet all of that demand at launch,
given, of course, the supply challenges
that you've been through in the past.
>> Let let me take you back, you know, 10
years ago when we started the journey of
putting a peptide into a pill, no one
thought scientifically that is possible.
You have to remind your audience that
pills are usually chemical entities,
small molecules and not proteins and
peptides and um and and often they have
lower efficacy because of that. When
when we decided to actually go this
route, everyone thought scientifically
this is impossible. Then after that when
we proved them wrong, people thought
that we cannot scale that because this
is quite difficult to do again because
it's large molecule inside a pill.
Again, we have shown confidence that we
are able to scale this more than enough
for every single person who would want
to take the pill and we're ready for
that. And then of course, lastly, people
are writing us off that, you know, this
would not be possible at an affordable
price. And I'm also very happy to say
once again, we are proving all of these
skeptics wrong. So, I'm super excited
that we have something that is
borderline miracle in my own humble
opinion, a peptide in a pill with a high
efficacy, produce at scale, and we're
going to actually sell it through all
channels at relatively affordable price.
I'm curious how you see this market
evolving. Whether you think that, you
know, having this pill version available
will expand the total addressable
market, the total number of patients
that you can reach, or whether or not it
might cannibalize the injectables that
you're already serving.
>> You know, in in my own family and circle
of friends, there are number of people
that have been very attracted in taking
a GP-1 product and reducing weight.
Unfortunately, they have not, you know,
taken that journey because they've been
either afraid of injections or there's
the taboo of injection. Um, I think a
lot of these people today will be able
to find VGO pill incredibly um um
interesting as a way again to come in
get the same efficacy as your injection
but in a form factor of a pill. So in in
in in short, I think the market will
expand quite a bit actually for many of
these people that have just been waiting
and seeing the the injectable versions
of these GOP one products taking taking
the world by storm.
>> And of course, we have to talk about
pricing and how that plays into the
political picture. Many drug makers,
yourself included, have made pricing
deals with the Trump administration. And
given that those deals have already been
made, what additional political hurdles
do you see, if any, in 2026?
>> Well, again, the whole the whole
negotiation with um the Trump's
administration has been around providing
access at an affordable price. And we
have announced that we will start the
starting dose of the big goi pill at
149. uh which I think is a very you know
affordable price for many Americans to
to um to get interested at and and and
and I will say that as we go forward of
course we will very much like to
continue expanding the market and we
will make sure that the price levels are
in a way that that that that um that
that will make us do that.
>> And Mike before I let you go I have to
ask you about M&A. Of course, you had
that high-profile bidding war with Fizer
over Meter. Fizer ultimately came out on
top. But with that in the background,
are you still looking to pursue deals
here? Deals here to help fill out your
pipeline, so to speak.
>> Absolutely. We have made it very um
clear that we would like to sustain our
leadership in diabetes and obesity and
go very deep. We have a fantastic
pipeline in both of those therapy areas,
but the world is very large. we are
dealing with some close to two billion
people that are suffering from diabetes,
obesity and um overweight. And when
you're having a an ambition to actually
capture as many patients as possible
from this very large pool, then um then
you will continue looking not just in
your own um research shop but everywhere
else to see how complimentary wise you
could actually have the best pipeline
available and and and the best offering
um amongst all your competitors.
>> Well Mike, I know it is a big day for
Novo Nordis. I really appreciate you
taking the time for Bloomberg
television. Happy holidays when you get
there. That is Mike Dostar. He is the
CEO of Novo Nordisk. Back to you,
Amarie.
>> Thanks so much, Katie. What a fantastic
interview, Matt. Especially as the CEO
just getting the seal of approval.
Everyone thought the seal of approval
was going to happen, but getting it
before Eli Liy really huge for this
company because they have been trailing
Eli Liy when it comes to this market.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I think a lot of
consumers that may have bulked at the
injectable drug are going to have a much
easier time taking the pill version. A
lot of consumers who may have had
difficulty for logistical reasons are
going to find it easier to take the pill
version. And it still has a pretty
astounding efficacy. I mean, for most
people, um, losing 17% of your body
weight would put you in a uh pretty
healthy position. most people that that
need the drug. I say
>> I imagine waking up and if you've been
wanting to get on this drug and you've
been nervous about it because you don't
want to actually have this invasive
injection, the idea of taking a pill
could be really really exciting uh for
individuals. Before we go, we'll talk
about more about this because we're
going to get GDP um in about 5 minutes
time as well. ADP Matt, US private
payrolls rolls on average 11,500 for the
week four weeks to December 6th. So, a
little bit more of an uh of an uptick in
what we're seeing in terms of the labor
market for the private sector.
>> Yeah, it's interesting. Um, when I see
this news, I immediately take a look at
what's going on at the front end of the
curve because you expect it might have
an effect on uh the Fed. It does look
like people are buying now two years and
the yield is right now 34912.
>> And coming up next, we're going to get,
as I said, the US [music] GDP data.
People are saying it's stale, but we
still want to see what the data has to
say. Vincent Reinhardt of BNY
Investments is here to [music] react.
This is Bloomberg. Good morning.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. This morning we are seeing
markets relatively muted as we head into
the Christmas holiday. Matt tells me
that you have to make sure we're in the
middle of [music] the holiday season,
the Santa Claus rally. Matt is joining
me this morning. Jonathan's on paternity
leave and Lisa is off for the week. We
are awaiting GDP data this morning.
Final real day of data before everyone
leaves and goes home for [music] the
Christmas holiday. Although we need to
point out that this data is going to be
stale. Remember, we didn't get it in
time because of the longest government
shutdown [music] in history. And
actually, what we're getting to Matt, as
you can see his reaction here, a massive
upside surprise. Prior was 3.8%. The
survey was 3.3%. GDP comes in at 4.3%
this morning. Matt, that is an uptick
not many people were expecting.
>> Yeah. Uh, very interesting. I'm going to
have to break it out with the ECAN
function on the Bloomberg. ECA and go is
probably the best way to look at this
kind of economic de data. But I
initially moaned a little bit because
durable goods came in so much worse than
expected at a drop of 2.2% and then a
huge jump in GDP at 4.3%.
Um I don't know how much is going to
change the rate cut calculus. We'll have
to take a look at WP go on the terminal
to figure that out. Um, but in terms of
what traders are doing right now, if you
look at the front end of the curve on
the 2-year, you saw a big spike up to
350 351 in yields and we're still there.
So, selling the front end of the curve,
driving the yield higher as we get a
4.3% reading on GDP for the third
quarter.
>> Yeah, third quarter. Everyone was just
going to say this is pretty much stale,
but um it's a it's a massive change that
people were not expecting. of course,
how much does this mean to the real
economy right now given the fact that
this was months prior and the Fed is
already cutting interest rates. Um,
joining us now to get his reaction,
Vincent Reinhardt of BNY Invest
Investments. Vincent, what do you make
of this uh this uh GDP number rising
4.3% for the third quarter?
>> Uh there's a lot of action in the rear
view mirror, isn't there? Uh I think uh
part of what it does is make you wonder
why the Federal Reserve felt the need to
buy 3/4 percentage worth of uh insurance
by cutting rates since September. Uh but
that was more about employment. What it
does is it uh it worsen the disconnect
we're having between uh our view of
aggregate demand growing at such a rapid
rate and employment uh which is pretty
sluggish. Do you think that the given
this information is so stale, it's not
going to make a difference? Or do you
think Fed officials will look at this
and take this information on with them
as they consider and recalibrate what
they should do in terms of interest
rates in January?
>> Well, the important point you made was
Fed officials remember they're pretty
divided. uh that uh it was a close call
in terms of the overall 19 FOMC
participants about the RA last rate cut.
That means that almost half of them can
look at this data point and say why
exactly were we doing what we were
doing? Uh so I think it does matter. Uh
and what it does is just heighten the
the the really split uh in within
Federal Reserve official boom.
>> Hey Vince, I'm talking with my uh buddy
Joe Bruce. He's an economist down in
Austin at RSM. um and he sees a
decoupling between the strong growth uh
numbers that we're seeing strong um real
final private demand and weak hiring as
AI you know eats in eats up jobs and um
maybe we get robotics replacing people
as well you know longer term what can
cutting rates do um for that kind of
slowdown in hiring I mean if AI is
taking jobs even if you bring rates down
5075 five basis points. Um, is it going
to matter?
>> Uh, well, you do a little foaming in the
uh runway. Uh, the Fed bought insurance.
You're exactly right. Uh, and the
question is how expensive is that
insurance? Uh, and the cost of it is uh
uh that it'll be a little longer to get
for them to the goal of 2% inflation
next year. Uh now uh if you're facing
this enormous supply headwind on on uh
uh output on rather labor and headwind
rather headwind on labor and and
tailwind for demand. Uh there's not a
lot that the overnight federal funds
rate can do. And I think you are right.
>> Is 2%
truly the Fed's target? because it
doesn't look like they take that very
seriously since we're 50% above it. I
mean, CPI,
I guess you could say, uh, came in
lighter than that in the last reading,
but there was so much noise. It might as
well be at three.
>> Uh, well, they never admit that you you
don't give up on your goal when you're
far away from it. Uh so that's why chair
pal vigorously defends uh 2% and denies
any idea that they've changed their
goal. Um I think uh 2% is a long run
aspiration and what we've seen over the
last 3 months in particular is that
they're willing to put off that
achievement uh to buy a little more
insurance. When it comes to this GDP
data we just got I'm already getting a
lot of messages from viewers Vincent who
are talking about the fact that if it's
possible that CPI was inaccurate. Do you
think that it's possible this GDP data
also has some inaccuracies in it as
well?
>> Uh the answer to the question are there
problems with government statistics is
always yes. And in this particular case,
if we're not confident about prices that
they may be softer in measurement than
than they actually are, then real
activity is going to be stronger uh
because you're dividing nominal
activity, which you're pretty confident
about, by a mismeasured price level. So
I think there was always an upside tail
risk to uh this GDP print. It turned out
to be even further upside. I wonder what
you make a policy that seems um
stimulative in the new year, right?
We've got the tax refunds coming from
the one big uh beautiful bill. Um you
know, we're dumping tens of billions of
dollars out of helicopters on farmers in
the Midwest because the Chinese aren't
buying soybeans. And now President Trump
wants to send I guess some kind of
warrior dividend to soldiers.
>> Tariff dividend too
>> as well as a tariff dividend to um most
of most American people while tariffs
are pushing prices higher. Um does that
set us up for a bad inflation picture
and and the Fed cutting rates obviously
a bad inflation picture in 2026?
I do believe that tariffs ultimately
pass through to consumer prices and two
things have happened. One is we haven't
seen all the pass through of the
increase in tariffs we've already gotten
and that over the course of the year the
effective tariff rate kept rising. So
you're exactly right. There's more
tariff feed through to consumer prices.
That's why in our own forecast, we think
that the insurance the Federal Reserve
bought by cutting rates will be
expensive next year. It's going to even
further delay uh getting to a 2% goal.
Uh but you know, got to recognize, Matt,
that Congress set up the Fed for exactly
this tension uh by giving it a dual
mandate. It's supposed to foster maximum
employment and stable prices. Uh in an
environment in which uh yeah, you're not
happy with inflation. It's not at its
goal at 2%, but it's a lot closer to 2%
than it was previously. It weighs
deviations on the employment mandate a
little more heavily.
>> And in this case, it's potential
deviations. is just worried about the
slowness of the uh employment growth,
the low higher low fire uh uh labor
market.
>> When it comes to inflation though, we
heard from the Treasury Secretary
yesterday and he said once it's
re-anchored, there should be a
discussion about targeting a range. Do
you think that's appropriate, Vincent?
So in in effect, the Federal Reserves uh
hasn't been at 2% in a long time and
only in passing uh for a long stretch
before 2020.
Uh inflation was below the Federal
Reserve's goal. Uh so a range makes
sense. It works for other economies. Uh
and you know the the reality is the
Federal Reserve asserted 2% was its
numerical definition of inflation
uh after getting frustrated that it
couldn't have a good conversation with
its leaders i.e. the congress about how
to make specific the goal. So yes, I
think if the Treasury is signaling it's
time to uh think hard about what the
Federal Reserve's goal should be, that
that should be welcome.
>> Vince, I wonder uh what your take is on
where the 10-year yield is going. I keep
having this fight with Chat GPT um which
tells me that the bond vigilantes are
back, but I'm looking at 417 on the
10-year and like 70 points on the twos
10. It doesn't look that bad to me. Um
do you think yields are going to go
higher?
>> Uh so uh you know that's that that's
always a deep frustration right I come
from a a family uh in which we all worry
about the uh the federal debt and the uh
une tethered path for uh the deficits.
We all worry about central bank
independence
uh what's going to happen as the Federal
Reserve changes next year. But the fact
is you don't really see it much in
inflation and inflation inflation
expectations. Markets aren't really
pricing in a lot lot of worries. Uh I
think uh we're in an environment in
which [clears throat] employment is
close to maximum. Inflation is not that
far away from uh the the long run goal.
And so we're pretty much priced for an
economy that's performing well. We
haven't been stressed and and what you
worry about, what I worry about is is
exactly what will happen when we're
stressed and bond markets aren't
particularly good at pricing in in an
unknown future stress.
>> Vincent, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Vincent Reinhardt of BNY
Investments. Let's get you an update on
stories we're watching elsewhere. Here's
your Bloomberg brief with Danny Berger.
Hey Danny.
>> Hey Marie. [music] President Trump says
the US Navy will build a new Trump class
battleship. He says they could build as
many as 25 [music]
as part of a golden fleet. It's a bid to
revive US ship building and compete
against China, which makes the majority
of the world ships. America has [music]
not built a heavy gun battleship since
the 1940s.
Elsewhere, President Donald Trump
reiterating his desire for US control
over Greenland after announcing plans to
appoint Louisiana Governor Jeff Landry
[music] as a special envoy to the
island. President Trump called it a
matter of national security for the US.
His comments have sparked outrage in
Denmark and Greenland. Denmark's prime
minister has warned that [music] the US
cannot annex the country. And in sports,
the Kansas City Chiefs are moving across
the Missouri [music] border to Kansas.
The team making the announcement after
lawmakers approved a public financing
package to build a new $3 billion
stadium. The Chiefs still need approval
from other NFL team owners [music] to
relocate and Missouri is trying to keep
the team. And that's your brief. and
Marie, thank you so much. Danny
Burgerer, I actually thought Matt would
have some insight onto this, thinking he
was an avid NFL watcher, but he doesn't
watch football.
>> No, because Well, no, I watch football.
>> Oh, sorry. Sorry.
>> But not the NFL because I'm from
Columbus, Ohio, and the only thing that
matters is the Ohio State University.
[music] So, um I don't really like grown
men in tights dancing around on a field
together for money doesn't make as much
sense to me as college [music] football.
>> All right, Matt, you said it better than
I could. Up next on the program, Yahara
is back with our morning movers. We're
going to have another look at Nova
Nordis after getting the green light for
its weight loss pill. We had just heard
from the CEO. [music] So, we're going to
get an update on that story. Stock is up
this morning more than 8 1.5%. This is
Bloomberg surveillance.
>> [music]
>> If we don't adjust policy down, then I
think that we do run risks of rising
recess of rising recession. The
unemployment rate has has poked [music]
up potentially above where people
thought it was going to go. And so we've
had data that should push people into a
doubbish direction. Governor Steven
Myron on the program with us yesterday.
Let's take a look at where markets are.
You really need to look at what's going
on in the yield space. [music] Twos 10.
What you see is yields pushing higher
after we got that GDP data. Third
quarter GDP came in way above consensus
signs potentially a resilient consumer.
This was of course before the shutdown
related disruption we saw with the
longest US government shutdown in
history and bond traders are running
with it. We are less than an hour away
from the cash open. Let's get your
morning movers with Yahara. Hey yhara.
Hi Amarie. We start with Zim integrated
shipping. This is a company fielding
offers [music] from several suitors to
buy the company and it just provided an
update on that process saying that it
rejected [music] a take private deal
from its CEO and president saying it
lowballed the company. So investors
bidding up the shares up 8% now in the
pre-market on hopes that a [music]
bigger deal may emerge. Meanwhile,
moving on to Sable Offshore. those
shares popping [music] nearly 20% in the
pre-market after it just gained uh
government approval to restart its Las
Flores pipeline in [music] California.
It's a major win for the company which
has been trying to bring old oil
platforms. It bought [music] from Exxon
back to life near federal waters in San
near Santa Barbara. Of course, it has
been challenging since, [music] as we
know, California isn't exactly fossil
fuel friendly, but because of the
federal angle, it has been looking to
the Trump administration for support and
it's been getting it. And we end on
Novo. You heard it from the CEO himself
speaking to Katie Grifeld earlier,
saying he expects the weight loss market
to [music]
expand as their new weight loss pill
gains uh approval from the FDA. [music]
that just happened earlier, sending
shares up 9% now after it beat out its
rival Eli Liy which doesn't expect to
gain regulatory approval until March. So
those shares down 1.3%. [music]
Any thanks so much staying on the
markets. Investors staying optimistic
[music] heading into the new year. Dan
Skellyy of Morgan Stanley Wealth
Management says the outlook into 2026
remains constructive, supported by
increased M&A, broadening out of
earnings growth, AI diffusion,
deregulation, and fiscal stimulus. Dan,
thank you so much for joining us.
>> Good to see you.
>> I want to first get your reaction to
what's going on with this GDP number. No
one was expecting this big of a print,
this high of a print increase at 4.3%
that followed 3.8% growth. What's going
on here? Are we actually seeing a robust
economy? There's some data distortion.
>> Yeah. So, I think what we're seeing is
this paradigm shift continue. And we've
seen this over the last several years
where when you look at the majority of
spending in the economy, what's driving
the economy, it's AI spending, it's
services powered by high-income
consumers, and all of those cohorts
continue to hum along really strongly.
So there's really been no change in that
aspect of the economy.
>> We see the entire yield curve shift
higher, swing just off this report. What
does that mean for the deficit? So it's
not it's not particularly positive and
we may hear an update in the coming
weeks related to the Supreme Court
ruling related to the emergency power
authority or not. And so look I think uh
be careful what you wish for Emory
because higher yields is not necessarily
supportive of higher multiples.
>> So but we I mean I'm I'm assuming the
reaction is because this number is so
high there's much less of a chance that
the Fed cuts rates in January. So you
might as well buy the paper that's there
now rather than the paper post cut.
>> Yeah. I think that makes sense, Matt,
and it's good to see you as well. And
look, we've been saying uh persistently
that the 5 to sevenyear part of the
curve is where we see value. Uh we had
been hesitant to extend that much out on
the duration side of things. And look, I
think on the equity front, just coming
back to stocks, I think it's going to be
a continuation of this cyclical rotation
that we've seen really in the past 1 to
two months.
>> We do have um increasingly bullish
expectations for earnings in 2026. I
mean, it's not like the Fed is the only
thing that drives markets, right?
Obviously, the real economy is
important. And I'm hearing from
economists, been talking to Joe
Bruceuelis here on my IB chat that he
still sees strong growth, strong final
demand. Listen, if we're running at a 7%
nominal GDP, we would hope that the
average company's going to see revenues
increase, right? Because there's some
correlation there. But I think the big
catalyst for next year, Matt, is all
about AI monetization. We've been
waiting for good in terms of when does
AI spread out from the Mag 7 to the rest
of the Fortune 100. And frankly, I think
that's where we could see upside
surprise next year.
>> Can I just say that this uh this goes
along with Joe's decoupling theory. So
if if that's what's driving higher
corporate profits, right, it's not going
to help labor. We're not going to see a
lot of hiring on the back of that.
>> No doubt. It's an excellent point. And
look, we've observed over the last 6
months a huge divergence between jolts
and jobs opening in the S&P. And so we
do feel like in terms of that phrase
again, paradigm shifts, that's going on
in the equity market as well.
Ultimately, we think stocks follow
earnings. So while we could see some
marginal degradation on the labor front,
we don't think it's going to matter as
much this time around.
>> And you only have one Fed cut baked in
for next year. If we're seeing an
unemployment rate that goes higher, how
does the Fed calibrate for that AI
induced job losses?
>> Such a tough question. And look, the Fed
is in unchartered territory, no doubt.
Uh the old playbook doesn't apply as
much. When we talk about an economy
that's powered by high-income consumers,
they're not as rate sensitive. So by
cutting too much, you run the risk of
creating too much inflation, thereby
hurting the 90% of the population that
is inflation sensitive. And so, look,
Emory, if I think we're going to be
surprised, it's going to be that the Fed
doesn't cut as much next year.
>> How difficult is that going to be
politically given the fact that the one
question the president, at least I have
reporting on, he asked last time around
for individuals who wanted to become Fed
chair was, are you going to cut interest
rates?
>> And look, I think it's very thorny
issue. Obviously, it's above my pay
grade. But my my speculation is whoever
is in the chair is going to be
dovishleaning. So the short end no doubt
is likely to perhaps stay politically
influenced but it doesn't also entail
the long end following and so we may be
kind of stuck in the mud in terms of
this higher for longer long end.
>> Yeah, this is uh I think the concern of
many that the long end will continue to
rise. Torston Slack from Apollo putting
out a chart this morning. Everybody
reads his charts um showing that global
yields could pull uh the US Treasury
yield higher. This is really a conundrum
for the Fed, for the administration,
isn't it?
>> Absolutely. And to your point on global
yields, look at what's going on in
Japan, right? So, we're in a phase here
where Japan is seeing 2% uh long bonds
and that could have some upward drift
higher and thus kind of take global
yields along with it.
>> How does the stock market deal with I
don't know what the correct phrase is,
but an increasingly K-shaped economy,
right? Because that's what it sounds
like is happening.
>> So, it's an excellent question. The the
stock market's response over the last
several years has been increase
narrowing up until this year. This is
the first year where we've seen the MAG7
go from a monolith everything up in
tandem to a Pelaton where there's actual
differentiation between the MAG 7. Money
center banks are leading and finally
you've seen healthcare leading as of the
last 3 months. So I think what the
market is saying is that earnings matter
more than ever right now and even though
we're in this extremely unique economic
and kind of socioeconomic uh paradigm
shift, I think earnings are going to be
what drive stock prices. What do you
make of the potential policies we're
going to get next year? I know we're
going to get the tax refunds, which the
Treasury Secretary loves to talk about.
He think that's going to be huge, but a
lot of people say actually consumers
know that that's coming, so they're
spending now. The president though is
also talking about $2,000 tariff
dividend checks. Is this all going to
create a more complicated picture when
it comes to inflation?
>> It it could very well. And and frankly
going back to our earlier thread related
to mon monetary poly mon mon mon mon mon
mon mon mon mon mon mon mon mon mon mon
mon mon mon mon mon monetary policy
helping kind of middle inome consumers.
We actually do think it's going to be
more on the fiscal side. And frankly
some of this may not coincidentally be
timed in front of the midterms next year
where affordability and some of these
other strains are starting to percolate
in surveys and actual voting results. Um
and so we think again fiscal policy is
going to run it hot next year.
>> Interesting. Yeah. I mean before a
midterm election, right? That's exactly
what this administration would like to
see. Dan Skellyy, thank you so much for
joining us. Happy holidays to you and
your family. That's Dan Skellyy of
Morgan Stanley. That's what I'm going to
be focused on next year. What is the
fiscal impulse, Matt, ahead of the
midterm elections when we know,
especially now a lot of individuals are
retiring, especially on the GOP side?
>> Yeah, you've got to um you've got to
retiring. You mean like Marjorie Taylor
Green retiring
>> and Congresswoman Elise? Yeah. So, it's
pointing to Democrats winning over the
House, maybe even the Senate.
>> I thought you were talking about
retirees, as in savers, because they're
the ones that are going to be hit the
hardest by inflation, right? When you
talk about wage growth, well, they don't
have any. So, and they're big voters as
well. So, in the midterm elections, it's
going to be um I think the goal is going
to be to get money out to those people.
>> Yeah. All right. Coming up on the
program and throughout the day, stick
with us cuz Matt will continue to be on
air. He'll bring you through the market
open. [music] But tomorrow, I'll be
joined by Scarlett Fu. We're going to be
speaking with Cameron Dawson of New Edge
Wealth, Anisha Sherman of Bernstein, Bob
Elliot of Unlimited, and Stephanie
[music] Roth of Wolf Research. Thank you
for spending your morning with us. John
and Lisa are still off. They'll be back
with me in the new year. This was
Bloomberg [music] Surveillance.